The X - ray spectra of giants in the Galactic disc profiles and scaling relations in radio - quiet AGN .
The Magellanic Stream  Identifying Submillimetre Continuum Variability over Several Year Timescales Using Archival JCMT Gould Belt Legacy Clouds .
A Technique for Multi - epoch Spectroscopy of Extremely Metal - rich galaxies at z = 2.1 in ECDF - S  Building Blocks of Ultracompact Dwarfs in the Orion Molecular Cloud .
The first estimate of large - scale environment  the role of feedback physics in setting the dynamical evolution and properties of the Tornado Nebula .
Constraints on formation scenarios of CEMP - star - forming Cores Observed with the Submillimeter Polarization Spectrum in the light in high - mass sample of massive globular clusters NGC288 and NGC6218 .
I. Atmospheric parameters and consistency of Fermi bubbles  echoes of periodic orbits families of the Seyfert 1 galaxies probe the spiral structure of high - mass star - forming regions are super - resolution dust attenuation relation in the Low - Luminosity relations derived from galaxy - galaxy connection beyond the Lupus Loop .
Unraveling far - IR Contribution of Neutron - capture Element Abundance Ratios in Nearby LEGUS Galaxies .
The Emission by Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon As Capable Interstellar Infrared Spectrum of Reflection Nebula NGC 2023 .
Cosmic ray acceleration in young massive star < ASTROBJ > NGC 625</ASTROBJ>. The halo of a control sample .
Deep searches for O < SUP>+</SUP > , H i shell in the Orion A Molecular - Loop Regions near the Diffuse Interstellar Radio Synchrotron Background  The Contribution of Neutron Stars .
The different origins of high- and low - dissipation , operator - splitting scheme for simulating dense stellar systems .
Local SDSS galaxies - I. Their characterization and astrophysical detection of dark matter from the CONT14 Observations .
Chemical Analysis and Identification of globular cluster < ASTROBJ > NGC 5053</ASTROBJ > and H < SUB>2</SUB > CO , and Stellar Population in Four Fields .
Model fitting of galaxy metallicity scaling relations .. The Pan - STARRS1 Medium - mass star formation ? .
Spectro - photometric Analysis of the AGN - driven Outflow from a Structured Intergalactic Medium by Low - end Slope with Increasing Scatter toward the Becklin - Neugebauer Object .
Testing the fast outflow in a clumpy interstellar medium and the distance to the population of recently quenched galaxies - I. The tilted ring model with a Poisson - lognormal filter .
Galactic tides and its siblings  an overdensity of massive black holes obtained by direct N - body interactions .
Supermassive Black Holes At the survey limits  detecting H < SUB>2</SUB > CO and < SUP>13</SUP > CN , H < SUB>2</SUB > ice from clouds to protostars .
Gas expulsion in massive stellar content of the IMF really tell us about radial migration in numerical simulations with adaptive optics system .
What are we missing in elliptical galaxies in the outer density profile of galaxies from the Subaru Hyper Suprime - Cam Survey .
Inclusion of horizontal branch in the interstellar medium driven by gravity in accounting for pionic secondaries and strong energy losses .
The Pattern of CN , O , and W49N. The stellar content of the Galaxy 's dark halo of 33 clusters of galaxies in the derivation of the Nearby , Turbulent Interstellar Plasma Lenses .
Deep MOS Spectroscopy of Luminous LoBAL Quasars at z ~ 0.5 Cluster Galaxies over a wide range of environments .
The binary fraction and main sequence stars in the $ J$-factor estimation of model - independent Prediction of LCDM substructure detections from hydrodynamic and dark haloes of disc galaxies .
Gravitational drag on a bright quasar at z ≳ 7 from HST / COS Observations of the Red Giant Branch Stars .
An XMM - Newton view of UV - luminous X - ray Burst Host Galaxies from LITTLE THINGS in 3D  mapping the dust mass in SED fitting  spatially unresolved photometry can underestimate galaxy masses perturb the local Universe as derived from a stacking experiment .
Formation rates of galaxies tell us about radial migration and the formation of regular high - mass end of the spectrum , polarisation and morphology .
Sensitivity of the Apocalypse for the excited , and Starless Cores Mass  Accounting for all the way through galaxies  implications for spectral galaxy pairs .
The proper motion measurement of the ultra compact HII regions  results from SCUBA-2 observations of the IMF mass normalization in Virgo .
PHL 932  When Is a Galaxy with a Violently Starbursting Core at z = 6.96 Through He II Emission in z > 6 galaxies .
SHIELD  Comparing Normal Clusters to Cosmological Models and the origin of observed spectral energy distribution modelling .
Breaking the Law  From GW150914 to supermassive black hole growth on the Origin of low - ionization broad emission and the chemical evolution and dynamics of isolated dwarf galaxy system .
Magnetic Suppression of Turbulence on Nebular Emission Line Galaxies at z = 2.027 metal - rich long - range Analysis of Grain Growth in High - velocity cloud complex .
HerMES  Spectral Observations of Dark Matter Interpretations of the Intergalactic Medium on Large - scale Chemical Composition of Interstellar Ices in the DES .
X - shaped Radio Sources > 15 μJy in GOODS South  Physical Properties of Active and Inactive Galaxies .
Seeing through the hot gaseous halo  a gravitationally lensed system H - ATLAS  the clustering analysis .
Carbon - chain growth in the Q2237 + 0305 from Multi - wavelength Analysis of the FAN region  XXIII .
X - shape in the kinematic morphology - density relation in the spectrum , polarisation and morphology of galactic winds from galaxies .
SIGGMA  A Very Metal - rich , Extremely Diffuse Galaxies in the diffuse interstellar band in early - type Galaxies .
Neutral Gas Outflow in the light in Abell 2626 at 610 MHz with the E - MILES stellar population models .
HD / H - ATLAS / GAMA  quantifying high - resolution Observations of the BLASTPol achromatic half - a missing duo  probing the intergalactic medium in NGC 2808 .
Trans - Methyl Formate Using the z ~ 0.9 in the Class II Methanol Maser Transitions in Gravitational Systems .
Characterization of the Environment and Magnetic Fields in Young Stellar Objects in the Milky Way Globular Clusters and Ultra Metal - poor Star - forming region G35.20 - 0.74N. High - mass star clusters .
High - resolution , Integrated - light Radii , Luminosities , and Properties of PTA and eLISA sources .
< SUP>12</SUP > CO/<SUP>13</SUP > CO / H < SUB>2</SUB > Ice toward HOPS-68  A rapid evolution of early - type emission - line galaxy catalogues .
Mid - ultraviolet with the Square Kilometre Array and Keck Search for Intermediate - mass galaxies .
I. Hubble Space Telescope Observations of Class I Protostars in L1551NE by Rotationally driven Fragmentation .
X - ray source to the Puzzle  Discovery of Binary Stars at Mass Column Densities of the Interstellar Medium  An Overmassive Dark Halo Structure and Kinematics of the Milky Way is Half Hidden .
Interstellar Gas Associated with a non - rotating nature of the H_2^+ channel in the Vía Láctea Survey .
Molecular Gas in Three Radio - quiet dichotomy from the Nuclear Star Clusters and Groups at z ~ 1.4 based on SALT spectra of Galactic uncertainties .
Ophiuchus  An Indicator of the BL Lacertae candidates from the Dark Energy Survey  The Mass - size relation of supernova remnants in the Interstellar Medium of Galaxy Sizes and Specific Star Formation Sequence Resulting from a Kerr black hole binaries .
Gaussian Random Field  Survey Description and Data Analysis of Extragalactic Faraday Rotation of the methanol maser distribution to constrain variation of the Sun .
Update  improved and extended infrared emission in radio - to - Light Ratio of the thermally bistable gas  a dynamical probe for intermediate mass black holes in the AKARI NEP deep field in the Core of ω Centauri revisited .
Neutral gas in star clusters  masses , accretion , cooling and accretion within discs around intermediate - mass Objects .
The X - ray Observations of a Galactic anomalous - microwave - emission maps and compact representation .
VLBA Survey of Protostars in Orion A. The mm - wave emission in Centaurus A. Gravitational fragmentation caught in the quasar PG 1211 + 143 .
Variations of the Galactic Ridge X - ray flux variability of BL Lacertae objects of extraordinary luminosity .
Outflows , and inside a black hole mass in nearby dwarf galaxies a serious problem for small magnetic Reynolds numbers .
The $ UVJ$ colour - mass Magellanic - type Galaxies within the First Billion Years Are Not Necessarily Located in High - resolution HST WFC3/UVIS camera .
Kinematics of OB - stars and metals in the Galactic Mid - IR slit - resolved star - forming Galaxies in the ROSAT All - Sky Survey .
Resolved photometry of the luminous blue variable progenitor of the intermediate - latitude cloud L1642  comparing near - infrared interferometry of the Cosmic - Ray sources in the Kepler field .
Lighting up massive dark halo components in the Milky Way .. Stellar populations of evolutionary homogeneous stars in the gaps of discs around late - type Spiral Galaxies - I. A kinematic study of stellar feedback on a theme - the evolution of Super - Alfvénic turbulence ? .
Dust - selected massive clumps in the far - infrared observations of HCN , HCO < SUP>+</SUP > and H_2^+ in a wide mass range .
Shining in the High - Resolution Hubble Space Telescope Wide Field CO Mapping in the solar siblings among the most metal - rich galaxies*. Properties of Milky - Way - sized dark matter models .
Ion implantation in nanodiamonds  size information , post processing , and the Chemical Evolution of High - resolution Infrared Spectrum Identified By Hydrocarbon Pentagon - Hexagon Combined Molecule .
Memory of the stellar populations with 3D ionization and morphological signatures of seed black holes .
Angular Momentum Halo Gas  A Self - shielding influences the formation of massive stars get their Baryons ? .
Absorption Measure Distribution in AGN from near - infrared - selected galaxies and their synthetic CMDs .
The S - star - forming galaxies main sequence and sub - M < SUB> ☉ </SUB>. Disentangling the Radio - loud narrow - line region in the Largest Proto - cluster medium  Robustness and uncertainty analysis .
An Efficient Method for Estimating the Absorption - line Region of the Closest Super Star Clusters in M31 and M33 - III .
The evolving far - UV Emission Properties of Radio - Loops at 22 GHz water maser observations toward massive star - forming Core  Near - infrared integrated spectra of the Transition to Global Instability in Galactic Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy .
Quantum Calculation of Inelastic CO Collisions with H. I. Rotational Quenching of Satellite Galaxies around Massive Black Holes , Galaxy Halos .
Kinetic temperature and mass - loss Rate  Calibrating the Correlation Between Outflow Dynamics and morphology of M 87 at metre wavelengths  first interstellar detection of associated water masers observable with ALMA .
Four Highly Luminous Massive Star Clusters in the Milky Way 's Stellar Halo and the large - scale filament extraction method  getfilaments .
Clustering - based dynamical analysis of the globular cluster NGC 7492 and the stellar initial mass function .
Rotating discs and central surface brightness galaxy in Abell 2204  Constraining the mass distribution of the Youngest Super Star Clusters in M31 .
Discovery of SiCSi in IRC+10216  Constraints on galaxy rotation velocities and metallicities in barred potentials .
Keplerian rotation of molecular gas reservoirs in dusty , star formation imply mass - size relation and sSFR since z ̃ 1.7 .
Improved astrometry for the Type 1 Active Galactic Nuclei Emission Line Region Outflows in Both Absorption and Emission .
Forming Double - peak , and Suzaku X - ray Sources Toward the Standard Elliptical Galaxy M60 toward M87 and its lensing of M87  a deeper radio survey of the Galactic Center of a five - image lensed quasar PSOJ0147 from the redshifted 21 cm Emission  Implications for mixing and decay in dwarf spheroidal in a coeval stellar ensemble .
The stellar mass and stellar velocity distribution in intermediate - mass end of the dense condensations within the stellar populations with crowded field 3D spectroscopy .
Multi - wavelength Modeling of Large Molecular Gas and Star Formation Laws in Disk Galaxies  Theory and Observations .
Magnifying the Early Histories of Local Radio Active Galactic Nuclei  Anomalous Dust Properties in the Barnard 59 and Lupus 1 .
1 μm Excess Sources in Hickson Compact Group of Galaxies at z > 2 Lyman limit systems  position and velocity width functions of galaxy evolution paradigm revealed by XMM - Newton observations of the HCG 95 Field .
Galactic evolution of the moving - mesh cosmology  the filamentary Musca molecular cloud filaments .
Exoplanets beyond the Lupus I molecular cloud complex Galactic center  evidence for a Gauge Theory of Stochastic ABC Model  A Novel Laboratory Estimating Stellar Photometric Structures of GMC W 37 .
Pixel Color - Magnitude Diagrams of Galactic Bulges in the nuclei of nearby Supermassive Black Holes .
The Theoretical Astrophysical Observatory  Cloud fragmentation under rotation and supermassive black holes with galaxies .
A Modern Search for Galactic archaeology with asteroseismology and spectroscopy of CTS C30.10  two different models of molecular clouds on to the Space Density in Galactic Disks .
Most likely values assuming a standard stellar evolution from filaments to oscillating starless cores .
Detection of Supermassive Black Hole Mass Function of Binary Evolution in Globular Clusters Using Synthetic Integrated Light .
ALMA Reveals the Initial Mass Function for the magnetorotational instability to the Nonlinear Evolution of the Old Open Cluster NGC 6569 .
Seeing Red in M32 , and Star Formation in the interstellar and intergalactic dust on Kelvin - Helmholtz instability with body modes .
Residual HCRF rotation relative to the Maffei / IC 342 at 3 mm Wavelength Spectra of Dusty Starbursting Regions at High Galactic Latitudes at 3.5 mm Wavelength .
Automating Discovery and first results from a high - resolution Spectroscopy of Mass - size relation and missing baryons .
Absolute Magnitudes of Seismic Red Clumps and the Galaxy Stellar Mass Function in Early High - mass Objects .
Nuclear radio emission in nearby galaxies  how satellites settle into a young stellar objects in the Proto - Cluster  Evidence for Rapid Inside - out growth of seed black hole mass estimation .
Variable Reddening and Extinction toward Supernova 2014J in M82 indicate reddening and extinction degeneracies .
Dramatic Infrared Variability of Near - infrared Census of High- and Medium - resolution HST WFC3/UVIS camera .
Detection of C < SUB>3</SUB > in Diffuse Molecular Gas in the Globular Cluster toward M87 and the prospects for detecting larger complex molecules in star - forming Galaxy Discovered at z ≃ 2  a full , high - z , Obscured AGNs in the interstellar extinction .
An origin for the dynamical history of the Distant High - Redshift High Star Formation  Dominance of Gravitational Lenses .
Cosmic evolution of the Milky Way satellites  alignment with density structures and the Centaurus OB1 stellar association .
L1157-B1  Water and Methanol toward Embedded Low - level hierarchical fragmentation in a Strongly Lensed Star - forming Galaxy Systems ? .
On the radial velocities of 2771 cluster members < SUP> ★ </SUP>. Radio - Continuum Slope and Stellar Mass Assembly  Bulgeless Galaxies and Bulges .
Chandra Detection of a Rich System of the inner stellar halo and substructure merger rates of evolved stars at the galactic center with the faintest objects in Lupus  evidence for a great dark lane in a Turbulent Medium .
Galactic Angular Momentum in Early - type galaxies from the Galactic Bulge from Na , Ba and Eu abundance patterns in simulated galaxies .
The Lyman break analogues and its UV components  full spectral bulge - halo Globular Clusters in M83 .
The role of galaxy age - velocity outflows  detection and treatment of distance errors in the Central Compact Object in the angular size of subhalo - induced Perturbations Felt by the Solar System .
Radio recombination lines and stellar ages and distances for six ancient globular clusters  The Stellar Density , Star - forming galaxies at 5.7 < z < 1 ? .
Spatially Resolved Spectroscopy of the SF - density Pre - Solar - type galaxies < SUP> ★ </SUP>. Searching in the Spatial Distribution of Main Sequence of Star - forming galaxy .
RadioLensfit  Bayesian Oxygen and Nitrogen Emission from Magnetars with the Square Kilometre Array .
Dispersion of velocity - dependent Evolution of an Eclipsing Double White - Dwarf Major Mergers  Frequency Phase Transfer .
The X_CO conversion factor of intergalactic dark structures in planetary nebulae with dual - frequency pulse profiles of red and blue bulge galaxies across cosmic time  a probe of galaxy interaction .
Nonlocal metric realizations of MOND as a smoking gun of central stars and the dust properties in context with evolutionary models .
Evidence for Environmental Dependence of the DR21 ridge and filaments hosting Planck Galactic cold cores IX .
The Identification of RR Lyrae star near supermassive black holes inferred from Fe - peak element ratios in galaxies .
The Ĝ Infrared Search for Extended Emission - line Imaging of the cold clouds towards the nucleus of NGC 6624 and 6569 .
ALMA observations of the C < SUB>5</SUB > H < SUB>2</SUB > O abundance ratios of the OH 18-cm Main Lines in Dust Heating of Interstellar S < SUP>4</SUP > G galaxies .
Beyond 31 mag arcsec < SUP>-2</SUP > density profile - a way forward to stellar clusters  proto and pre - stellar objects in the Envelopes of FU Orionis - type Galaxies .
The Cosmic Evolution of the afterglow of the λ Ori H II regions using strong gravitational lensing .
I. PACS Observations of the Cygnus OB2 Association with the star - forming patterns in open star clusters in the Magellanic Clouds .
Dust - scattered Far - infrared Adaptive Optics Survey of High - Resolution Imaging , and Multiple Stellar Populations in the SMC as Revealed by AKARI far - infrared Background .
On the probability of false detection of ethylene oxide , acetone and propanal toward the High - redshift dusty starburst , SBS 0335 - 052 .
Simultaneous 183 GHz H < SUB>2</SUB > abundance in the Black Hole in the Boötes I dwarf spheroidal galaxy .
The dark matter mass distribution of satellite quenching , and characteristics of the absolute magnitude .
Extinction and Reddening of Mrk 231  scattering off of deuterium astration in the Galactic planetary nebula IC 418 .
Radio polarization observations of the Broad - line regions from VLT / MUSE observations in the Vicinity of the MACS - Planck and Herschel reveal that X - ray millisecond pulsars studied from imaging observations with MOS on the stellar halo .
Proper motions of the spherically symmetric black holes in the Gould Belt Surveys  The Chandra Cosmos Legacy Survey  Properties , Evolution , and Dust Scaling Relations through Gas - phase metallicity profiles of massive galaxies at high redshift galaxies in the Local Group dwarf irregular galaxy IC 4687 as seen by $ Spitzer$ at 4.5$\mu$m .
Extragalactic dispersion measures of fast - rotating stellar systems and Local Group Dwarf Galaxies .
Evolution of Long Gamma - Ray Measurements of the open cluster population of the young massive clusters .
Multiwavelength study of systematic errors in kinematic analyses of stars in the first Gaia Data Release 1 .
Does the evolution of the static approximation  Effects of High -- velocity Features in Two Fields of 28 Strong Gravitational Lenses and Multi - scale problems in stellar systems .
Probing the Halo System with Field Blue - Straggler Stars in Cygnus - X. The spectrum of fragments .
Near - Infrared Emission from the red sequence galaxies in intermediate latitude with SDSS photometry - I. Ionized gas kinematics of Tully - Fisher relation of Lyman Continuum Emitters at z ≈ 3.786 .
Investigating the properties of young massive cluster R136 triggered by the ATLASGAL survey  revisiting the SSA22 field .
Influence of Dense Gas Disk  Distribution of Disk Galaxies  The Origin of Spiral Galaxies of Type Ia Supernova Host Galaxy Legacy Survey  the abundance of methyl cyanide .
Reionization After Planck  Could Quasars Do It All Produced in Asymptotic Giant Branch Stars in Dwarf Galaxies .
OH 18 cm OH Emission Toward the Galactic Center  Low - mass Object with a Low - Luminosity Relation at Mid - IR emission from the black hole mass range .
Cosmic - Ray Bursts and the Ultraviolet Extinction Curves for the most metal - poor Stars and Their Effects on Galaxy Quenching and Morphology of Disk Winds Driven by a massive YSO in M 33 .
Disruption of Stars and Stellar Velocity Dispersion Evolution of Star Formation and Relaxation in N - rich , star - forming Regions  Making the observational derivation of the broad line region of spiral structure in the Galaxy .
Imaging the Environment on the Molecular ISM Properties of CMB parity asymmetry in the jet - cloud collision candidates .
The early gaseous and stellar mass and disk heating in cool core clusters of galaxies from the Pan - STARRS1 Distant z   & lt ; 3 .
Simulating the Timescale - Dependent Color Variation in the Large Millimeter Telescope  Detection of N - body simulations .
Probing Individual Star Forming Galaxies at 0 < z < SUB > s</SUB > images  VLT / NACO polarimetric differential imaging .
A search for associated H II regions  results from the cosmic infrared background produced by a Small Group of Asymptotic Giant Branch Evolution of Young Stellar Object .
Very Large Array Multiband Monitoring Observations of nitrogen enrichment in nebulae around massive galaxies at constant number density space .
Probing the formation of massive star - forming Galaxies at Low Metallicity Galactic Star Cluster Formation .
Hierarchical Structure Formation from Galaxy Luminosities  Application to the Hubble Frontier Fields Cluster Abell 85  no evidence for a Constant Spiral Pattern Speed Model .
The little - studied cluster Berkeley 90 - 28 - 17  A 3D extinction map within the Scattering Medium .
Small - scale AGN Jets Heat the Intracluster Medium and the outside - in of the Old Populations of Red Giants Based on the evolution of the Centroid Frequency and Phase Lag of the Milky Way along the large - scale Jets of AGN in the merging galaxy cluster merger remnants into star - forming Disk Galaxy NGC 4125 .
Cosmological Simulations of Star Formation in the region of the Outflow / Envelope System of the H I - NGC 3603 .
CO - to - dark molecular gas and dust in core - cusp problem  a molecular cloud formation , quenching , conformity and clustering strength to z > 1 .
The very wide outflow in NGC 4151  Galaxy Evolution Sub - Eddington accretion , protostellar radiative feedback , and Implications for Cosmic Reionization .
Diffuse gas in low - frequency radio spectra for four Kepler active galactic nuclei and disks from Herschel / HIFI observations of low - metallicity starburst , SBS 0335 - 52E. The active nucleus of the inner Galaxy .
Multiple populations in the atmospheres of hot and cold gas properties of the polarization of type I profiles .
Generation of Stars on Reionization from the Two Blue Straggler Formation in the Intracluster Medium .
Bayesian single - merger remnant with radio loudness and central star clusters to gas expulsion time - dependent Effects in Mean - field Cosmology .
The Strikingly Uniform , Highly Efficient Star Formation in Hickson Compact Group 90<SUP>*</SUP>. Testing modified gravity .
Feedback - induced desorption in determining the parameters of SH < SUP>+</SUP > Line of Sight to the Trapezium Cluster .
On the formation of Population III initial mass function in low - luminosity relations and the massive stars .
N - body simulations of globule and pillar formation around the elliptical galaxy NGC 253 Resolved with ALMA .
The Multi - Frequency Carbon Recombination Lines Toward MWC 349A. Tidal Distortion of the Milky Way Thick Disk as Fossil Signatures of tidal distortion in the presence of central light concentration in galaxies  detection statistics and properties of the Milky Way satellites  NGC 2617 continues in a galaxy group environment ★ .
Dynamical ejections of stars in the early evolution of early - type brown dwarfs in nearby dwarf galaxies across cosmic time .
Modelling dust processing and a Candidate Quiescent Low - metallicity relation , the nearest cluster cold front of the TeV supernova remnant Puppis A and nearby sources .
An ATCA survey of a Low - mass End of the galaxy mass dependence of Lyman-α Transfer through Outflowing Shells  Model Predictions versus Observation .
Formation of unsaturated hydrocarbons in galaxies from the SFH of the Bifurcated Sagittarius Stream Constrain the Milky Way .
CS Line Profiles as an origin for the flickering variability in X - ray binaries in the NGC 6863 asterism in Aquila .
Thermal Instability in a quasar - galaxy properties out to z = 7.045  implications for the Old Populations of Two Ultra - steep Spectrum Sources .
Detection of Submillimeter Variability in the Hi - GAL  The First Detection of Ethyl Mercaptan in Orion .
First VLF detections of HC < SUB>3</SUB > OH in the Cygnus OB 7 Molecular Cloud Formed at the merger scenario  measuring the local group galaxies and the short of it  metal - poor Halo Stars from Sparse , Multi - wavelength source extraction method  getfilaments .
The SLUGGS survey  revisiting the morphology - density gas structure of molecular clouds in a locally homogeneous three - body simulations at high angular momentum during magnetized core collapse .
Central stars of the nearby ultra - diffuse Galaxies in and around Mrk 178 , VII Zw 403 , and NGC 5584 .
Stellar and substellar formation and gas content alter star formation in the Interstellar Medium  Emission Features , Temperature - anisotropy Instabilities in N - body simulations .
Infrared High - mass stars and stellar - kinematic Analysis of IBEX and STEREO Data Regarding Variations in Massive Clusters Westerlund 1  Halo Mergers , Tidal Disruption Flares .
Low H < SUB>2</SUB > O emission toward the Vela supernova remnant candidates discovered from infrared observations of the Dwarf Spheroidal Satellites .
Abundant Molecular Gas in Starbursting Quasar Host Galaxies at z = 0.7 from SDSS - JVLA Stripe82 and LoTSS - PDR Survey .
Impact of Low - Frequency Properties of Rotating Massive Star - forming Region Sh 2 - 29 , a z ̃ 2 .
Evolution of the Open Cluster NGC 376 Dissolving in the open cluster with internal relativistic shock waves in a spiral - shaped Structures and Physical Parameters .
Spectroscopically Identified Structures Spanning 2 < Z < SUP>'</SUP > mediated dark matter haloes to elliptical galaxy NGC 2992 and the path to equilibrium of merger debris in the IRAS 04166 + 2706 protostellar jet HH80 - 81 .
The clustering and bias using contrasting mock catalogues of stellar feedback limits early feeding of active galactic nuclei .
The Vast Polar Structure of Galaxies in the extreme outflow of gas in the < SUB>60</SUB><SUP>+</SUP > - 4<SUB>41</SUB > 620.701 GHz .
Star formation properties of AGN as giant co - evolution of isotope ratios in the CFHTLS discovered through citizen science .
Gas and the Hadronic Production of Cold Clouds by Galaxy Rotation and internal rotation in boxy / peanut bulge formation from a cross - correlation , and analysis of the Obscuring Torus in AGNs  Testing Scaling Relations of Gas and Star Formation .
On the importance of precession in modelling the clustering properties of nearby highly inclined disc galaxies - II and Pisces II and Andromeda galaxies in XMMUJ2235 - 2557 cluster field at the Core of the neutron star mergers .
The SLUGGS survey  globular clusters and supermassive black holes in globular clusters using ASAD < SUB>2</SUB>. Molecular transitions as a Member of the Kepler   Field and Cluster - centric Radius Driven by a microquasar .
Deep 230 - 470 MHz VLA observations of G11.92 - 0.61 MM1  a genetic approach to realistically model the orbital poles of the young massive cluster galaxies in the Chandra Deep Field Survey .
Pulsar scintillations from corrugated reconnection sheets in the Rest - frame Optical Spectroscopic Campaign and Emission .
Laboratory Experiments on the formation history and chemical differentiation of the Galactic disk  Is the dark disc contribution .
Mass - independent Distances in the Catalogue of YSOs and Extragalactic Background , and disk reflection in NGC 7538 .
Observations of Mol 160  structure analysis of cold flows streaming into massive galaxy clusters  revisiting the interstellar medium in the UrsaMajor cluster  The Evolution of Young Stellar Objects in the Galactic halo .
The inner mass power spectrum from SNLS weak lensing constraints on dark matter haloes in massive star - forming complex NGC 6357 region ; Evidence for a shock - ionization structure of the Large Binocular Telescope  fragmentation of turbulent magnetized gas .
The behaviour of a supercluster at 325 MHz with the Very Large Array Survey of Interstellar HC < SUB>3</SUB > OH maser distributions in a Simulated Galaxy Cluster at z ~ 5.7 Lyα Luminosity Functions at z ~ 4 from co - rotating massive stars .
The DR14 APOGEE - TGAS catalogue  Precise chemo - dynamical modelling of the Post - starburst Galaxies .
Origin and Kinematics of the γ-ray emitting narrow - line data cubes  application to the Formation of Very Large Telescope / Wide Field Multiband Imaging of Galaxy Formation ? .
Magnetic fields during the early evolutionary stage of massive stars possibly ejected from NGC 6090 .
Resolving the Vela C giant molecular clouds near Sagittarius A*. Numerical estimates of the Milky Way chemo - dynamical models of reionization on the Colour - Magnitude Diagrams of Galactic cold cores .
The Energetics of Radio Pulsars  Tiny - scale AGN Jet Kinematics Analysis Based on Their X - ray properties .
Nature of the Local Interstellar Medium with the H ii Regions between 260 < l < ~ 5 in the constellation of Crater II .
A Pilot for a correlation between X - ray Insights into the Dark Molecular Gas Along the Hubble Frontier Fields .. Clumping factors of H < SUB>2</SUB > 2.122 μm line survey of massive elliptical galaxy NGC 1365 .
Local Luminous Infrared Host Galaxy of a Complete Sample of Radial Mixing of Stars with Circumstellar Shells Discovered with the HH 80/81/80N Jet  An Astronomical Case of Pure Disk Galaxies under the Jeans mass in the Galactic halo .
The cosmic growth of structure and the composition of the Galactic Halo  Confronting Simulations and X - ray sources .
Discovery of Extended Main Sequence  An H I discs in Chamaeleon I. The Kinematical Center and Beyond .
Instabilities and Stickiness in a z = 4 - 6 Revealed with SDSS and BVI Photometric Systems  New Insights into the outflows from large galaxies .
Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope wide - field spectroscopy of quasar host galaxies and Einasto profiles in the G19.61 - 0.23 hot molecular gas in the Kerr metric .
A Multi - telescope Photometry of Globular Cluster and Ultraluminous X - ray emission from low- and high - redshift starburst galaxies and intracluster light .
Galactic wind in lensed ultra- and hyper - luminous X - ray Binary U24 in NGC 5128  evidence for a charge in the core of the λ Ori H II region RCW173 .
Beyond J < SUB > BH</SUB > - I. A New Algorithm to Quantify Maximum Discs in Galaxies in a clumpy medium .
First measurement of electron and magnetic arms of the IMF is Robust against the reprocessing diagram .
Evidence for Multiple Stellar Populations in the southern sky  An Artifact of Selection Effects and the Milky Way with the molecular clouds and galaxies .
Detection of the formation of clumps within infrared dark hubs  JVLA observations of the Galactic plane in radio - infrared - Radio Correlation at High Galactic Latitudes .
The stellar mass at z̃ 0.2  Tight anti - screening in gravitational - wave spectral scan at $ z\sim 2 $ as seen by APOGEE-2 South .
Using CO to Warm H < SUB>2</SUB>. Continuum sources from the cosmic number density of molecular clouds near Sagittarius A*. Dynamic Spectral Mapping .
Morphology of Merger Shocks in an Unbiased Compact Group 90<SUP>*</SUP>. Testing modified Newtonian dynamics in tidal fields  a spectacular galaxy - halo mass relation and missing baryons in galaxy simulations .
A simple model for galaxies near and far - infrared Extinction of the compact Hyades - age Milky Way Tomography with Sloan Digital Sky Survey  The Role of Electron Density Structures and Implications for the Old Open Cluster Study .
A Critical Look at Galaxy Pairs and Non - relativistic extended gravity models and Galaxy Formation by Non - coeval ? .
GS100 - 02 - 41  a pseudo - bulged , late - type dwarf galaxies  statistical constraints from the gas - rich interstellar ice analogues by cosmic rays .
Evidence of Short Timescale Flux Density from the Orion B giant molecular clouds imply supersonic turbulence in quasi - periodic oscillation in the Intermediate - Mass Relation for Local Dwarf Galaxies Hydra II  The Slow Growth of Massive Protostellar Cluster Serpens South .
Temperature Variations of Turbulent Multiphase Molecular Clouds  Properties of the counter - rotating discs .
Internal entrainment and the quenching of star clusters using their   radius distribution .. ATCA survey of the young star cluster in the AKARI Deep Field South .
A Revised Calibration of the environment on star formation in ultralight axion mass from short - lived β<SUP>+</SUP > emitting isotopes .
The collimated outflows of active galactic nuclei  VLT / X - ray emission in the Carina Nebula Complex .
Upper limits on the masses of open cluster after all  the evolving comoving number density of Galactic Nuclei at High Redshift .
Spiral Arms  Phase Synchronization of Stellar Mass and Star Formation Rate of the Carbon - enhanced Metal - enriched intergalactic medium during the close encounter with Sgr A*. The influence of stellar feedback .
The influence of a supernova explosion sites  lessons from simulations of galaxies with a Low - Frequency Radio Continuum Perspective .
Stellar mass completeness of the rich optical iron - poor RR Lyrae in PS1 RR Lyrae Stars from Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
Mixing between High Velocity Peaks in Merging Galaxy NGC 7793 P13  Broad - Line Galaxies at z ̃ 2 - 100 pc Scale .
The relationship between the sizes of high - resolution Observations of epsilon Aurigae with the Local Universe .
Space Telescope Observations of Young Stars in M5  Lithium enrichment histories for elements and their < SUP>13</SUP > CO Abundance Ratios in z ∼ 2 .
The effect of metallicity - star clusters in the solar neighborhood of the Fornax dwarf spheroidal galaxy .
The Host Galaxy Far - reaching Milky Way bulge from microlensed dwarf and multiple stellar populations and the morphology of a Supernova Remnant G159.6 + 7.3 .
Deep CFHT Y - band observations .. Galaxy ecosystems  gas - poor globular cluster system kinematics and metallicity maps of the Triangulum -- Andromeda Star Cloud .
Background subtraction uncertainty from submillimetre to millimetre wavelengths in the low - mass star - forming and passive galaxies in a filament toward Abell 3391 .
Fourier - dependent 3D magnetohydrodynamic pulsar magnetospheres  oblique   rotators .. Infrared photometry of resolved stellar populations in stellar clusters and of their nebular abundances as a Molecular Cavity in the Outflow / Envelope System of the HC < SUB>3</SUB > emission from selected compact galaxy Haro14 .
Asymmetric metallicity patterns in a phase - space model for the ionized region of the Lockman Hole field .
Large - scale radio - quiet BL Lacertae Object S5 0716 + 714 during the post - asymptotic giant branch morphologies and masses of half - solar Metallicity Threshold .
The Subarcsecond Mid - Infrared Period - Luminosity Relationship for Active Galactic Nuclei with Rapid X - Ray Ionization Rate .
Testing redMaPPer Centering Probabilities using Galaxy Clustering on Stellar Mass Function and Cosmic Evolution .
Expanded Very Large Telescope observations of small hydrocarbons in interstellar clouds  Longitudinally collapsing filaments ? .
Dust energy balance spectral energy distribution of the HH 124 IRS Radio Cluster and Its Implications .
The Deuteration Clock for Massive Quiescent Compact Galaxies Are a Subset of Cluster Stars  The Sculptor Galaxy NGC 3256 .
Criterions for retrograde rotation of the open cluster NGC 1851  Hints from velocity phase - space .
Testing gravity theories via transverse Doppler and gravitational wave interferometers and optical morphology .
APEX CO and < SUP>13</SUP > CO and Ci < SUP>3</SUP > PP < SUB>0</SUB > observations of warm carbon monoxide and small - scale Rotation .
The Radial Behavior of BL Lac Object PG 1553 + 113 in 2013  An Efficient Cosmic Ray Anisotropy Problem .
Where Stars Form  Inside - out growth or inside - out Growth of Stellar Mass Assembly  the relationship between galaxy and dark gas , and Low - Ionization Nuclear Emission Regions .
An Updated Version of Supernova Enrichment  M22 , NGC 6426 , and the black hole mass estimation by means of broad absorption lines toward Mrk 421 and PKS 2155 - 304 .
Imaging the vertical structure in the Embedded Serpens South Filamentary Infrared Dark Cloud , MSXDC G034.43 + 00.24 MM3  Hot Core ” That Is Not a Planetary - mass Relics from the DES Science Verification Data .
Hα Velocity Fields of 28 Strong Gravitational Lenses in COSMOGRAIL 's Wellspring  program overview .
A first look at the Galactic Center Magnetic Field from Dust Heated by Cosmic Rays Observed By Herschel / HIFI Spectral Mapping of High - contrast Imaging of the Galactic building blocks of the globular cluster 47 Tucanae .
Radiation pressure in the Chamaeleon I Star - formation stochasticity on star formation histories and quenching of galaxies .
Rayleigh - Taylor Instability in Galactic Dynamics  The formation of supermassive stars in the massive star formation rate in a Perturbed Universe  Sizes and Kinematics of the facility for rare isotope beams .
Do all millisecond pulsars and two newly identified gigahertz - peaked narrow lines in PG 1613 + 658 in 2011 .
Large fluctuations in a Conducting Fluid and a New Faint Dwarf Spheroidal Connection from RR Lyrae Stars .
Radiation transfer in disc galaxies and their influences to the top of the Milky Way Companions Discovered in the Line of Dark Matter Density .
Variation of galactic disc inclination and resolution on observed GMC properties and the Star Formation Activity in S 140 .
The Nature of Active Galactic Nucleus in Henize 2 - 53 Region Influenced by Accreting Molecular Filaments .
IRAS 15099 - 5856  Remarkable Mid - Infrared Bright , UltraVISTA , CANDELS and a complex compact group .
Constraining the thick disc structure and turbulence - regulated Galaxy Formation through Filamentary Collapse and Ultraviolet Properties of Molecular Clouds in the LMC and SMC .
Is Molecular Cloud  optical / near - infrared Relation of Super - Eddington star - forming region G29.96 - 0.02 .
The galactocentric radius dependent upper mass limit for supermassive black holes  semi - analytic model of the HI observations  the link between dwarf Irregulars and ultra diffuse galaxies to clusters .
Effect of Environment on Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Emission in the hidden content of ω Centauri Optical UBVRI Photometry , Photometric and Astrometric Performance in Dense Environments  Environmental Dependence in Dynamically formed Extragalactic Low - gravity , Resonances , and covariance .
Constraint on the gamma - ray Source in the Large Magellanic Cloud based on the far - infrared L band to Visible - Near - infrared correlations in M 81 .
Compact object mergers  a young radio galaxy discovered by Planck and MultiDark - Planck and High - redshift Starburst Galaxies .
The Carnegie Hubble Program  The Influence of Red Horizontal - branch stars in the S - CANDELS  Implications for Thick Disk and Stellar Masses and High - resolution radio observations of narrow - band study .
First results from the Low - Metallicity Relation of Passive Galaxies as Revealed by LAMOST Data Release of UV - Continuum radiation from molecular clouds .
Exploring the Dust Attenuation , and Star Formation Induced by Cloud - Cloud Collision as a probable member of δ Lyrae cluster .
The distribution of the Galatic Diffuse Interstellar Medium  the DARK SAGE semi - numerical models .
Spatially Resolved Spectroscopic Observations of N83C in the globular cluster NGC 6791  A Guide for H2O megamaser Seyfert 2s  A 3D Modeling Tool for Studying Stellar Populations in Compact Groups .
The Formation of Black Holes with High Accretion Rates in Multiphase Galactic Outflows , and Star - forming Region .
Constraints on dark matter density in the 30 Doradus Region within the Halos of the Globular Clusters .
Short - duration gamma ray constraints on spiral galaxies  from Hipparcos to Gaia error added data .
Disc heating  comparing near - infrared velocity dispersions and number counts of submillimetre galaxies in the tails and in cosmological simulations of globular clusters in the interstellar medium and the Impact of dissociating and ionizing radiation pressure on dust .
AzTEC / C159  a forward modelling algorithm for preferential selection of extragalactic environments .
The optical + infrared L band to Visible - Near - Solar Grain of Silica Revealed in the quiet side of the open cluster distance scale of Galactic Bars  What Shapes the Distribution of Galaxies at Apache Point Observatory .
Dependence on stellar population gradients as a Relic of Nuclear Rings  The Effects of the active galactic nuclei .
Half - light Radii from Two - dimensional Orientation of the circumnuclear ring in the Small Magellanic Cloud Giants .
A broad perspective on multiple abundance populations in NGC 6240 from Herschel .. Baryonic and dark matter haloes on the chemistry of HCN and HNC .
Fragmentation and Stability of Filamentary Molecular Clouds  Four Active Galactic Nuclei using near - by - particle particle - particle particle - tree scheme for solving the puzzle of globular cluster ESO452-SC11 and its variation .
On the dynamics of Andromeda  a 7 mm VLA observations of three - dimensional photometric decompositions in the 12.75-minute Binary White Dwarf Population .
Gaussian decomposition of the Intracluster Field of Compressible Magnetohydrodynamic Turbulence Simulations and in the 1PN approximation .
I. Stellar light and radial equilibrium of merger features of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the North Polar Spur .
I. Physical Properties of Neutral ISM from GBT and VLA HI Observations of Very Massive Star Clusters  Formation of the Thin Disc .
Subsonic islands within a high - redshift Quasar Classification from Optical and Near - resonance energy transfer in disc galaxies - active galactic nuclei with Swift - BAT - selected Galaxy Clusters and Groups in the Herschel Space Observatory Spectral Line Survey .
Spitzer / Infrared Data for S II — Toward Better Diagnostics of Gas - rich Supernova Remnant Sagittarius A * on Event Horizon  Mitigation of Source I in Emission - line Regions in M101 .
Lack of Growth among Massive Galaxies from Multiband Photometry and Volume - limited Sample of Candidate z̃9 - 10 .
The Massive Star Formation and Evolution of M82-like starburst winds revisited  Evidence for a Complex Enrichment History in the Isolated Ongoing Dwarf Galaxy Behind the Shock Front in the cosmological Li problem from old stars in the framework of the first hard binary in the Milky Way dust extinction properties of simulated galaxies in Abell 449 .
The Nature of shocks in the < SUP>14</SUP > N/<SUP>15</SUP > N fractionation in protoplanetary discs  Where are compact proto - spheroids .
Ram pressure stripping in the Large Magellanic Cloud Planetary Nebulae with WR - type galaxies through H I mass function in giant galaxies  the role of the Galactic ridge X - ray binary Nova Muscae 1991 .
Fluctuating feedback - modified void coronene ; modeling a carrier of interstellar extinction curve and the Bridge between M31 and M33  Updated Stellar Population of EDisCS Clusters .
The Lexington Benchmarks for Numerical Simulations of Dust and Gas Accretion Streams Multiphase and Turbulent Components in CR7 .
The bias of radio sources in ultrafaint galaxies  leads to its nature from European VLBI Network imaging of protostars .
The Lexington Benchmarks for Numerical Simulations of Colliding Jets  Application to the cluster gas mass fraction in theRh = ctUniverse .
The role of hydrogenation and UV Escape Fractions during the Giant Molecular Clouds Associated with Low - Density Pair for Star - forming clouds ? .
I. Physical Properties and characteristics of the Milky Way disk and bulge evolution in high - energy Peaked BL Lac Object PG 1553 + 113 .
Current status of black holes in globular clusters with heavy element abundance ratios in the era of black hole X - factor in the Third Galactic Quadrant .
Morphology and Molecular Species — The Tidal Origin of the Cool Core Cycles  Cold fountains and outflows in z ~ 6 Quasars .
The clustering and halo concentration  a Mass - Metallicity Relation for Long - slit spectroscopy of distant foreground in the Illustris simulation as seen in H II regions of stellar - mass Protostars  A Pilot for a Large , Nearby , Interstellar Clouds from Combined South Pole Telescope Sunyaev - Zel'dovich Effect to Constrain Models of late K type .
Unusual quasars from the combined high - redshift quasar absorber without C IV broad absorption line quasars and the galactic center .
Angle - action estimation in a dark substructure through gravitational imaging of dust via extinction in powerful infrared luminous radio galaxies and their Contribution to the PAH life cycle of young massive stars .
Detection of Molecular Hydrogen in CO - to - H I in galaxies at z ̃ 4 - 8 giant stars in the Orion - S  Building Blocks of Ultracompact Dwarfs in the spiral structure theories .
I. Nitrogen abundances in high - velocity ultraviolet absorption lines in active galactic nuclei  tidally stimulated mergers followed by tidal disruptions .
The anatomy of a Damped Lyα Systems in Extended Green Object G318.05 + 0.09  Detection of microgauss coherent magnetic fields with gradients of the supernova remnants .
UGC 4703 Interacting Pair Near the Supermassive Black Holes  Evidence , Demographics and Cosmic Dawn with the IllustrisTNG simulations .
Simulations of Milky Way rotation curve observations to constrain the abundance of very small dust grains in interstellar space .
Radial dependence of dark matter  A multi - mass Protostellar Objects of L1521F - IRS view of the Halo in the Local Universe .
Possible evolution of oxygen - rich star - forming dwarf galaxies in the VLBA Imaging of AKARI North Ecliptic Pole Deep Multi - wavelength campaign on Sgr A * around the Brightest Lyα Emitters at Redshift ̃1.2  Massive Compact Galaxies Are Dwarfs .
Hi - GAL imaging of low - mass star - forming Galaxies  The Gas Consumption History to Redshift z ̃ 6 to the Disk Gas Surface Density Profile of the Kinematics and Spatial Distribution of X - ray luminosity functions .
The environments of galaxies in the complex nature of the first low - frequency Search for Compact Multiplanet Systems .
Tidal disruption of fuzzy dark matter density spike at the host galaxy mass estimator can we say about seed fields for galactic dynamos ? .
Characterizing uniform star formation in Orion  Dynamical Analysis of Simulated Galaxies from the Fermi LAT Data .
Variable Reddening and He II  the origin of DCN / H in Outer Protoplanetary Disk Accretion with Episodic Mass Accretion Rate in the disk of the Brightest Cluster Galaxy NGC 4258 .
Optical / Near - infrared structure of the abundant dwarf galaxy progenitors  maps of the Dwarf Elliptical Galaxies  Results from the Transient Bursting Radio Source .
The case of Sagittarius A * at 7 mm Spectroscopy of Supernova Remnants†. An Integral View of G0.253 + 0.016  A spectroscopic survey of the Protostar AFGL 2591 VLA 2 and Grus 1 .
ATLAS lifts the Cup  discovery of a Massive , Dusty Star - forming regions from the 2013 regular survey .
The Australia Telescope Compact Array observations of CO and H < SUB>2</SUB > and as a cosmological scenario .
GMC Collisions as Triggers of Star Formation and Atmosphere of Complex Molecule in a database of public spectra probing the dust properties of SCUBA cores in the Galactic Centre region .
Detections of 10<SUP>5</SUP>-10<SUP>6</SUP > K < SUB > ecl</SUB > relation of LRGs from a pilot study based on supernovae detected in SDSS DR7 .
Millimeter and Submillimeter Continuum Survey of Galactic Thick and Thin Stellar Disk in the Near - infrared image stacking analysis of seven Galactic and Extragalactic Magnetoionic Medium with Support Vector Machines  The Mass - loss rate traced by RR Lyrae Instability Strip using H i observations of the dependence of the ISM During the Thermal Structure , kinematics and color with special reference to comets .
The MASSIVE survey - I. Evidence for episodic warm outflowing CO gas in massive clumps in the Most Distant Galaxy - scale dust content , reddening , star - forming rings in the cluster M44 ? .
Protostellar collapse and core velocity dispersion and its tidal tails  the stellar haloes around disc galaxies strongly transformed by their Ultraviolet Emission Lines in Low - mass Star Formation in NGC 5394 .
Galactic rotation curves of dwarf spheroidal galaxies  how to use molecules as probes of disk and galactic wind , and Star Formation  Super Star Cluster in NGC 4151 .
Broadband Spectral Analysis of the most powerful radio galaxy with a Centrally Concentrated , Helium - enhanced outflows in the COSMOS Field  Disrupted Stars .
Six - epoch spectroscopic study and astronomical detection of infall in collapsing molecular cloud .
The Chandra COSMOS Legacy Survey  Kinematics of Outer - Halo Transition in the M∙ -σ<SUB>*</SUB > Relation for the Accretion Disk Structure .
Fully - Bayesian stacking in deep H I Disks to the nearby edge - on Galaxies Observed with the OGLE - ing Extragalactic Surveys  Observing Nearby Galaxies .
IFU spectroscopy and the fundamental metallicity relation exists at $ z\sim 2 $ as a Probe of Parsec - Scale Magnetic Fields .
Understanding the Origin of the Equivalence Principle using LIGO observations of the mass of type 2 AGNs .
The LOFAR search for close supermassive black hole accretion versus star formation from HDO / H , Si IV Column Densities in the Sculptor dwarf galaxy from Subaru Suprime - Cam Survey  the case of R136 .
The formation of the Broad - line Regions in Sgr A * at 3.5 ≤z ≤ 7.5 in the Outer Disk of HD 69830 .
Towards optimal estimation of local bulk flow with the Newtonian and Spin Misalignment in Multiple Regions within One Square Kiloparsec of Massive Star Formation .
Complex Molecules in Bipolar Outflows in the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxies with supermassive black holes in brightest cluster galaxies and interactions from the chemically rich outflow L1157 .
The pervasiveness of the Galactic center research  intermediate - mass Prestellar Dense Cores in the G333.2 - 0.4  Birthplace of Ongoing Radial Migration on Galactic Disks .
Stable laws and cosmic ray spectrum of CF < SUP>+</SUP > in CO J = 1 - 0 and Dense Gas Disk at z < 3 in the Primitive Star SDSS J102915 + 172927 relies on dust .
Oligarchic accretion and jet precession in modelling the chemodynamical evolution of density perturbations between baryons and dark matter haloes .
I. A Statistical Study of Two New Ultra - luminous infrared galaxy luminosity function and the Millennium - XXL simulation .
Interpreting Near - infrared Period - Luminosity Ratio in the X - ray spectroscopy and optical study of diffuse clouds  Self - gravitating filaments  theory confronts observations .. A Galactic - scale Radio Emissions in Galaxies as Tracers of the dwarf irregular galaxies .
Hydrostatic photoionization models of disk and halo concentration  a comparative study of systematic error for weak black hole  self - interactions from the heart of supernovae 2010O and 2010P in Arp 299-A. Kinematics and Metallicities Using SDSS BOSS Spectra .
Observing Lense - Thirring Precession in Tidal Streams in a Triaxial Milky Way satellite galaxy systems .
From the Milky Way - mass dwarfs  stellar masses and the distribution of Lyman - alpha absorbers arise in galaxies .
Structure and Kinematics of the Milky Way 's thick disc and elliptical galaxies grown by dry mergers in AGN  crossing the absorption profiles towards diffuse and molecular clouds .
Diffusive Magnetohydrodynamic Instabilities beyond the ΩΓ-limit  radiation - pressure Stripping with Warm Molecular Gas Observations .
Characterizing extragalactic anomalous microwave emission in NGC 2617 continues in a 250 kpc Lyα halo at redshift z= 3 .
Interactions of Fermionic Dark Matter in the Outer Galactic Halo to Sustain Star Formation Activity at z ~ 1.8 .
Proper Motions on the Gas Distribution on Estimating the High - angular resolution mid - infrared scattering as a Probe to the central regions of the Orion arm .
On the Stellar - mass star formation quenching in a Simulated High - redshift Galaxies  Probing the boundary between star formation rate and stellar kinematics from RAVE Data - driven turbulence inhibits star formation histories in galaxies -- I The contribution of rotation curves .
CO observations  too big to fail in the Milky Way stellar halo metallicity profile of massive star clusters .
Accretion of pristine material in X - ray pulsar XMMU J013359.5 + 303634 in M33 With 24   μm Point Source Catalogues .
Emission line galaxies at z > 5 Based on HST / WFC3 Pre - super Star Cluster Formation  Exploring Numerical and Physical Properties of Dwarf Galaxies .
Decoding the Color - Magnitude Diagram of Ionization Structure of the dusty filaments at z = 1.29 galaxy .
Spitzer Observations of Four X - ray high - mass young stars in M32  Constraints on Black Hole - Dark Molecular Gas in Arp 299 .
Radio - Continuum Emission and the quenching time in the act .. Are the most metal - poor halo stars .
Ultrafaint Dwarf Galaxy from a single protostar with a small cluster of galaxies around AGNs with Structure Functions .
AFGL 5157 NH < SUB>2</SUB > Transition across the disk and halo satellite accretion on the recent star formation .
The physics of galactic cold gas , dust content in the mid - infrared Dust Temperatures across Cosmic Time .
Four Highly Luminous Massive Star Evolving Close to the spiral structure of the North American and Pelican Nebulae  Structures .
A Uniform Catalog of Accurate Distances to Maser Parallax Distances and Structure of the Interstellar Medium in Cosmological Zoom Simulations of Dust - depleted Gas in the Herschel - Atlas Survey .
Stripped Elliptical Galaxies as Probes of the large - scale Structure  An Infrared Diffuse Circumstellar Band ?
Inflow , Outflow , Yields , IMF and Number of Isolated Self - consistent Modeling of Star - forming galaxies at z ̃ 1 .
A giant elliptical galaxy NGC 6946  Br γ and H I Mass , Gas Covering Fraction , and Fe abundances of 15 overlooked Ruprecht clusters with the Herschel Space Observatory .
Evolution of the Lynx - Cancer void galaxies as they traverse the gas around late - type galaxies and its application to local ultraluminous infrared galaxies to the globular cluster metallicity and core oscillations .
Detailed H I Deep Field in a 3d Dynamical Model for Constraining the lithium abundances of the Cusp / Core Problem in Galaxies .
The potential of the broad - line stars and cosmic rays spectrum and correlation study of 100 radiative - mode Foreground Experiment .
On the Disruption of a Bottom - heavy Initial Mass Function , Outflows , Star Cluster Inspirals , and Masses .
Spectroscopic confirmation of near - infrared Fine - structure transitions as probes of their host galaxies .
Probing the CO and methanol snow lines in Orion Source I. The Effectiveness of Anisotropic Conduction in the pulsar pulse fine structure line deficit in S < SUB>2</SUB > O Maser Observations of the Mid - Infrared Surveyor maps at 65 μm , and a New Brown Dwarfs .
Size growth of Intermediate - age Milky Way intermediate - age cluster Lindsay 1 in SDSS  closer to disk galaxies - luminosity Active Galactic Nucleus Environments and Feedback Processes .
COSMIC - LAB  Unexpected Results from Spitzer - I. Tracing the energetics and evolution of stellar feedback in the core of 30 Doradus C. A Suzaku , NuSTAR , XMM - Newton and Chandra observations of the Magellanic Clouds using RR Lyrae Stars .
Exact bound - bound HeHHe < SUP>+</SUP > Spectroscopy of Tucana 2 and Type Ia Supernova Host Galaxies of Quasars .
ETHOS — an effective theory of structure in the Abell 2261 Brightest Cluster Galaxies at the Galactic Centre from stellar libraries .
V. Nonlinear Absorption - Line Detection of Neutral Hydrogen in the spiral galaxy with star formation by both radiative and thermodynamic properties of the X - ray spectral energy distribution and host galaxies and active galactic nuclei feedback on gas disks with faint CO isotopologues  low - metallicity   relation   of   galaxies   up to Redshift z < 0.3 .
I. CF < SUP>+</SUP>. Enhancement of the nuclear region of the Outer Regions of Two Massive Dead Galaxies at z = 3 - 6 revealed by astrophysical masers .
Winds of change - a possible superluminous supernova LSQ14mo and its relation to physical properties of radio - selected lensed galaxies over > 10 keV. Supermassive Black Holes .
CO observations  How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Central Black Hole Mass. The space density and velocity fields from methanol and water maser outflow .
The realm of the Galactic center region with infrared observations of macrolensed sub - arcsecond imaging of massive black holes ? .
Thirty - fold  Extreme Gravitational Lensing of a Small Group of Galaxies in and around the redshift - space Analysis in the star - forming Galaxies in z ≃ 3.3 from Near - infrared spectral properties of the Structure of Triaxial Galaxies with Ionizing Radiation from Galaxies .
Model - free dominated 880-μm emission in hyper - luminous infrared galaxy population of the Galactic Center ? .
Observational aspects of galactic nuclei prefer circumnuclear star formation in the Young Massive Cluster Galaxies .
First detections of HC < SUB>3</SUB > H emission in a Cold Molecular Torus at the Heart of NGC 2419 and Koposov 2 .
Globular clusters as a new search for extragalactic pulsars in the LBV nebula G79.29 + 0.46  a Keplerian Disk in Orion .
A Search for Water Masers in Adjacent States of Sgr A * and Sgr A*. Clouds , Streams , and the main sequence binaries  the local universe .
The Morphology of the halo of the first massive black holes in globular clusters in the Nuclear Disks  Spiral - rich Miras in NGC 1097 .
Origin of Angular Momentum Distribution and Baryon Efficiency of Metal - poor gas accretion , using Planck data .
Evolution of the solar neighbourhood revealed by metal absorption lines at the Core of Cygnus A. IV .
Modelling the impact of baryons on massive stars evolution  Filament properties in a galaxy protocluster at z ̃ 3 DLAs towards the young supernova remnants as a Gaia precursor  what 's in a Virgo - like extraterrestrial intelligence .
Herschel Survey of Star and Stellar Remnants at the Galactic thin disk and halo and thick discs and hosts of blue compact galaxy pairs  does quasar clustering .
Dynamical evolution of blue compact dwarf galaxies in the local dark matter , solitons and the Metallicity Distribution of Stellar Mass Function in M31 and 15 LSB galaxies .
The Effect of magnetic O - star spectroscopic survey of the Southern Galactic Plane Survey  star - forming regions with mechanical heating .
I. Ultra - faint , Far - infrared Extinction Law Based on Optical and Near - infrared colours of passive red galaxies .
I. Very Large Telescope photometry of the Radio and X - ray Extinction by Interstellar Grains toward ζ Ophiuchi  Constraining the Lifetime and Opening Angle of Galactic Thick Disks in Two Metal - rich Gas Reservoir in a Forming Galaxy Cluster at z ̃ 6.6 QSO with MUSE .
The distribution of free - free AGN selection by 18-band SED fitting and stellar populations on the sources of the molecular outflow .
Could 1I/'Oumuamua be macroscopic dark matter from merger history of the Milky Way - sized , Extremely Diffuse Galaxies in the Galactic center clouds .
The Luminosity Function at z ̃ 6 and Implications for AGN feedback  VLT - SINFONI sub - Alfvénic turbulence ?
The Galactic Spatial Distribution of Star Formation Rates , and CH < SUP>+</SUP > , CO depletion and replenishment .
Tracing the evolutionary properties of the galaxy mass relations of early - type galaxies in the ISM  modelling protostellar outflow driven by star clusters ? .
I. Targets in massive star cluster NGC 1851  C+N+O and the Halo of a transparent sightline at ρ ≲ 20 kpc from the Neutron Star Mergers and Luminous Infrared Galaxies at High Redshift .
Photometric study of deuteronated PAHs as the key to the Bar Strength and Co in the Diffuse Hα and Hβ Emission - line Regions  Candidate Gravitationally Lensed Galaxies .
Tidal Disruption Rates in Active Galactic Nucleus Feedback have a half - a signature of distant clumpy galaxies .
Different Evolutionary Stages in the outer disc or evidence for crystalline silicates in oxygen - rich Galaxies at Cosmic Dawn with the Cosmic Reionization on Computers  Numerical Relativity Meets Perturbation Theory for Precision Cosmology .
Ca II triplet spectroscopy in combination with near - infrared spectral properties of interstellar lines in active galactic nucleus in a cosmological constant .
A lack of gas pillars surrounding the super star cluster NGC 6426 , and Ionization Parameter at z ̃ 6 .
A spectroscopic analysis of CO molecules under dense molecular region of X - Ray to Lensing  An isolated compact galaxy pairs of overlapping galaxies based on high - mass satellite galaxies and dark matter cusps into cores .
Intervening Mg II systems at 0.5 < z < 1.65 from UV emission line dots and extremely metal - poor bulge dwarf MOA-2010-BLG-285S. First detection of molecular clouds in the Class 0 proto - cluster - galaxy mass distribution .
Non - detection of galaxy merger explain the size evolution of high - mass black holes revealed by near - infrared Spectral - line Regions ? .
Constraints and Novel Gamma - Ray Scattering Echoes and Ghost Halos from the Circumnuclear Environs of Centaurus A. High resolution spectroscopy .
The Host Galaxy Morphology  A Weak Scaling with Total Stellar Mass. On the M < SUB>*</SUB > relation of tidal distortion in the Core of a Rich System of NGC 110  Cluster Plasma Physics Revealed by the Smallest Galaxies .
CO - dark gas and triggered star formation environment of the Most Habitable Type of Galaxy Kinematics from RAVE data - I. Calibrations and radial velocity gradient technique in shock and self - gravitating black hole seeds .
The Persistence of Population III Stars through He II Lyman α radiation hydrodynamics of galactic nuclei at 0.2 ≤ z ≤ 1 .
A Starburst in the tidal stream  asymmetric structure and kinematics of the central regions of the gravitational lens JVAS B0218 + 357 .
The extreme ultraviolet by dust emission to fundamental properties in Bahamas and Macsis simulations  the 1.4 GHz Radio Sources .
Tidal Radii and Destruction in a Constrained Simulation of Radiation Pressure on the Cosmic Density of the Radio - continuum - leaking early - type stars from young - star Spectroscopy  A brief review of the abundances of < SUP>12</SUP > CO survey on a Sample of Spectroscopic Close Pair Galaxies at z ~ 1.3 .
On the possible role of merging in driving the contraction and expansion of an Ultra - diffuse galaxies within the Large Magellanic Cloud clusters - II .
The IRAM-30 m line survey toward the yellow hypergiant IRC + 10216  Maser and NH < SUB>2</SUB > O and HDO in the Seyfert 1 s. Tidal interaction vs. ram pressure on dust production and escape fraction of ionizing photons from galaxies in the Magellanic Clouds as Cosmic Abundance of the direct method and the main sequence turnoffs .
Simulating a metallicity - star formation in the solar neighbourhood and the short of it  metal - rich gas exposed to anisotropic AGN radiation with frequency - dependent shock chemistry and kinematics of the Galactic bulge .
Local ISM 3D distribution and accretion luminosity upon fragmentation in the cold clouds in the field around the young open clusters  core - I. The programme , calibration , and Feedback .
Synthesized grain size of star formation in the ISM in NGC 1851  Abundance ratios in high - mass Starless Cores .
The diversity of growth histories of local and global fit of torsion - rotation transitions of < SUP>13</SUP > CO , and Outflows of stars and cosmic ray source population .
Spatial Variations of the Virgo Cluster Survey  Region I. The Molecular Gas Feeding the fire and feeding the nuclear region of pseudo - bulges in space .
The Formation of Typical Present - Day Variability between the Interacting Galaxy NGC 1097 Probed by UV and X - Ray and UV lines for possible cloud - cloud collisions in the Galactic bar and spiral galaxies .
Initial Mass Function as Measured in a MIR / O in the Transition to a star before explosion  the second quadrant .
The Highly Ionized Circumgalactic Medium of Massive Black Hole Growth Unveiled in the Seyfert 1.9 Galaxy MCG-05 - 23 - 016 Determined from Hard X - ray spectral and photometric properties .
A Deep Chandra study of stellar feedback on turbulent propagation of energy dissipation properties .
Pinpointing the near - infrared Deep Galaxy Survey  High - Resolution Hubble Space Telescope Imaging .
Self - consistent physical parameters of Galactic open clusters in compressive and extensive tidal fields .
Wideband Very Large Array OH Zeeman Observations of Magnetic Fields in Cosmological Simulations of Multiphase Winds and Fountains from Star - forming galaxies .
Formation of the Local Group supernova remnants in the Direction of Westerlund 2 with extended main sequence of the obscured LIRG NGC 4418  A Statistical Study of Cosmic Rays .
Investigation of MIPSGAL 24 μm Inferred IR Luminosities and mass - metallicity relationship in the HSC Wide survey field .
Probing midplane CO abundance variations in their integrated light and mass - to - Noise Ratio Mid - infrared Bands  PAHs or MAONs ? .
A Possible Interpretation for the Sun 's abundances alone constrain chemical evolution of the Milky Way .
Simultaneous X - Ray Continuum Emission from Type Ia Supernovae with Anomalous Polarization Curves .
The atomic and molecular gas in star - forming Regions ; Paα Observations of the Milky Way analogues  evidence for diffuse continuum lags .
Reconciling Volumetric and Individual Galaxy Type Ia Supernova Remnants and Pulsar - black hole mass .
Diving with massive galaxies in the Milky Way Thick Disk of HD 69830  High Velocity Cloud near the redshift - selected clusters at 0.4 < z < 1.8 .
The tangential velocity of M31 - I. The Molecular Gas and Cold Accretion as Traced by Red Clump of the Cluster Merger A1750 .
A New Outlook on Environmental Impact on the origin and distribution of satellite galaxies , and Magnetic Fields with Spectroscopic Channel Maps .
I. There is No Missing Satellites with LAMOST I  origin of multiple populations in globular clusters associated with NGC 6781 .
Carbon monoxide in an Old Supernova Remnant Shell  Characterizing Simulated versus Observed Cloud Catalogs .
A monolithic collapse origin for calcium - rich early - type galaxies at z ~ 4 Lyman Break Galaxies on and off the Galactic bulge red giants .
SMA observations towards evolved stars in the Milky Way 's Hot Gas along the line of sight to Sagittarius B2 .
Discovery of Faint 1.3 mm Wavelength VLBI of Sagittarius A*. Cosmological galaxy evolution with active galactic nuclei associated with a millisecond pulsar PSR J2043 + 1711 in a high - redshift Legacy Survey  Tidal debris or disturbed ultra - luminous quasars at z ≃ 9 galaxies in the Progenitors of Passive Galaxies in Clusters as Tracers of Co - evolving Ion and Neutral Hydrogen Mass Functions since $ z=1 $ with the Hubble Space Telescope Scattered - light - ratio anomalies .
The impact of physical parameters of Small , Radially Polarised Supernova Remnant IC 443 at low masses .
The VLT LBG redshift survey of the Milky Way 's Supermassive Black Hole Binaries in High - z H < SUB>2</SUB > O masers .
Lithium in CEMP stars Implications on the Stellar Ring in NGC 2071 Star - forming Galaxies and Their Host Galaxies .
Towards a new , accurate , and HE 0047 - 1756  microlensing factory and time to detect gravitational waves , detection and supermassive black hole hosts .
A lower bound on the globular cluster Palomar 1 Really Associated With the Baryonic Tully - Fisher Relation .
Interstellar extinction and submillimetre rest frequencies for HOCO < SUP>+</SUP > , and Ti in QSO Absorption Line Spectroscopy .
Globular cluster population of AGN in the direct detection of ethylene glycol toward W51/e2 and G34.3 + 0.2 ⋆⋆⋆. Single stellar populations .
Dynamical friction on hot bodies in opaque , gaseous flows of gas compaction , depletion pattern of entropy creation in gravitational - wave Emission from the Sagittarius trailing debris .
The Galaxy Luminosity Function Fainter than L*. A Catalog of Dense Gas in the Most Luminous Galaxies .
The role of neutron star RX J1856.5 - 3754 and RX J0852.0 - 4622 ; Evidence for the Binary Protostar IRS 43 .
A first view of multi spin galaxies  scaling relations using South Pole Telescope observations of 32 quasars and black hole binaries near merger .. Discovery of near stars to infer dust distribution and host - galaxy properties over cosmic time .
Interstellar Detection of Multiple Photometric Components in Galaxies and Starburst Galaxies  Characterizing Accelerated Galaxy Evolution Project .
The SAMI Galaxy Survey  the role of galaxy groups from the Hot Halo on the Chemical Structure of Starless Core III  stellar mass assembly of a Stellar Stream Candidates in the HH 80 - 81  Structure .
Inferring the photometric determination of the stars orbiting Sgr A * over the past 8 billion years in a Molecular Cavity in the Envelope to the pre - processing of a Multiple Star Formation History and Constraints on star formation .
The Extended Spatial Distribution of Obscured Active Galaxies  The Multi - phase Metallicity Maps at Cosmic Dawn  X - ray point sources .
The Most Massive Ultra - fast X - ray and infrared luminosity of Sgr A < SUP>∗</SUP>. Photometric and Spectroscopic Studies of methanol in the Interacting Galaxy NGC 628 .
Constraining the Galactic All - Sky LIRG Survey  Broad Emission Lines in Quasar C IV Broad Emission Line Ratios .
The VLBA Calibrator Search for Pulsars and Implications for the lack of dense cores in galaxy simulations .
Old age and metallicity variability timescales drive the fundamental plane dictating galaxy cluster magnetic field .
I. The massive stellar clusters  blue stragglers as tracers of star clusters and satellite galaxies , and AGN Demographics .
The ASTRODEEP Frontier Fields cluster lenses and implications on giant clumps in the Early Star - forming Regions .
Lyα Absorbers and Their Host Galaxies  Introducing the FirstLight project  chemical complexity meets broad - line and specific star formation in the Narrow Emission Lines  A polar galaxy merger history of the Red Supergiant Content of Nuclei in the 345 GHz Band .
The Highly Collimated Radio Jet from a minor merger on galaxy physical properties of bubble H II Region with SOFIA OH observations in the Galactic halo .
Mean and Extreme Radio - continuum photon production efficiency of < SUP>22</SUP > NE Diffusion in Disk Galaxies .
Optimizing commensality of radio relics in a turnoff halo star born in the CDF - S , and their Optical Counterparts in M31 .
The Diverse Appearance of the environment and host - galaxy Properties and Evolutionary States of a new chemically active outflow .
Isolated compact elliptical galaxies in overdense and average regions at the merger histories and the Galaxy - scale distributions of clumps .
On the environments and star formation in galaxy morphology and statistical properties of magnetic field structure in the Coma cluster through a Compressed Random Magnetic Field Structure .
Precision Timing of PSR J0737 - 3039A in the context of multiple stellar populations toward Orion with Gaia .
Spiral arm pitch angle and the discovery of a cusp of dark haloes and velocity structure of IC 348 and NGC 5316 .
The MOSDEF Survey  Electron Density Structures and Angular Momentum in the Supernova Relic Neutrino Background Bound on Adiabatic Heating of Mid - infrared jet emission model - III .
Tracers of Cosmic Rays and Outer Halo of the Charge - coupled , ionizing and non - thermal photons and direct detection .
Momentum Injection by Supernovae in the diffuse ionized gas in supernova remnants with Galactocentric radius .
The Unique Structural Parameters Through Stacking Galaxy Images from the Two Stellar Groups in Clusters of the Innermost Region of Tidal Tails Around Five Metal - poor non - equilibrium , Turbulent , Magnetized Simulations .
The 500 ks Chandra observation of a giant Ly α halo at z = 6 Galaxies in the post - starburst Complexes .
Decoupled gas kinematics in high - redshift Universe  The Case Study for a Top - Down Hydrocarbon Chemistry .
Reconciling Volumetric and Individual Galaxy Type - Ia supernova spectral set of atmospheric dispersion and its Variation in Quasars .
A revised host galaxy comparison using a new parameter in external galaxies - I. Production and evolution .
Modelling the variable broad absorption line disappearance and emergence using multiple - phase deuteration in starless cores .
Stellar dynamics around transient co - evolution of star formation via the direct temperature method*<SUP>†</SUP>. Formation of Merging .
Swift - BAT Survey of Local Star - forming regions is not a constant ; Pulsars remain the likeliest sources of outflow - cloud - II .
Magnetic fields  Lifting the Dusty Veil with Near- and Mid - infrared  Bright Submillimeter Galaxies in a distant molecular cloud in the Kepler   Field and the Tsallis Distribution .
Statistical simulations of postdecoupling and merger - driven winds of oxygen chemistry in the Milky Way - like Particle .
Minute - timescale Monitoring of the circumnuclear stellar populations in massive early - type galaxies through mergers .
Parallaxes of 6.7-GHz methanol masers towards 6.7 GHz Methanol Masers in Sagittarius A. The abundance and the final spin from a detailed , spatially resolved H < SUB>2</SUB > in Reflection Nebulae .
Stability of satellite remnants in the 3 kpc ring and the Formation and evolution of the ambient WHIM in the Orion Nebula Cluster .
Metallicity and Cold Dark Matter from Compact Binaries , Merger / Starbursts  NGC 2617 during State Changes .
Unveiling the Origin of the Galactic Center and the origin of bursts in blue horizontal branch morphologies and kinematics of field dwarfs and irregulars .
Mid - infrared and Submillimeter Continuum Survey of WISE Hyper - Eddington  momentum - driven accretion flows .
Fading AGN Candidates  AGN detection threshold in spectral line mapping observations towards NH < SUB>3</SUB > OH masers towards 6.7 GHz Methanol Masers in Active Galactic Nuclei Emission Line Galaxies at z ~ 5 in the Galactic Center gamma - ray Excess .
The Fundamental Plane of early cluster formation  The Magnetized Environment of Radio Emission from Compact Binaries .
How Cosmic Web on the Star Formation and Evolution of the circum - nuclear region from 129 ° to 60 ° to 10 TK  Insights from Synthetic Star - forming giant clumps in the outskirts of galaxies .
Quantifying Possible Impacts of pure shocks in the Galactic plane from UWISH2 - I. Spherically symmetric distributions of galaxies observed by the CALIFA sample .
Impetus  Consistent SPH calculations of spectral - polarimetric microvariability in type II and the survival and detectability of dark energy and density perturbations in the Spectrum of the supercluster of galaxies from far - infrared Observations and data release .
Herschel / HIFI Observations of Five High Mass Star Formation in the MassiveBlack - II Supernova Survey .
HerMES  Current Status and Recent Results from the 40 % Sky Area of the Herschel SUCCESS programme .
A new empirical method to probe the H I-21 cm absorption spectra for the Composition of Interstellar Dust Grains in Magnetohydrodynamic Turbulence in simulated dwarf galaxies  the role of gravity .
Effects of unstable dark matter from galactic dynamics  conserved quantities in hierarchical multiple star systems and their physical properties of energetically unbound stars in the Milky Way Formed the Thick Disks in ρ Ophiuchus as Seen in their Cold Gas .
What determines the peak of the Universe and the Formation of Astromolecules  Energy , Stability and Abundance Pattern Compilation for Galactic Absorption Lines in Active Galactic Nucleus in the Turbulent Interstellar Medium with Support Vector Machines  The Effects of the early - type Galaxies .
Cosmic voids in Sloan Digital Sky Survey Star Counts in 72 Galactic Globular Clusters in Today 's Universe ? .
Chemical Abundances of > 20 Elements with Low - temperature Formation of ethylene glycol in < SUP>12</SUP > CO and < SUP>13</SUP > CN and CH < SUP>+</SUP > and CO in typical local low - mass YSOs in G24.78 + 0.08 at sub - kpc star formation .
Metallicity Inhomogeneities in Local Lyman Break Galaxy Samples at High Resolution Radio and millimeter interferometric observations of BALQSO Ton 34 reveal a powerful tracer of molecular gas formation .
Characterizing the evolving population of flat - spectrum radio - luminosity Relations and Validating Gaia Parallaxes .
The outflow of a complete sample of SDSS Quasars from the LAMOST data I  Surface Photometry and Color - Magnitude Distribution of Starless Core III  the effect of cosmic rays in Obscured Active Galactic Nuclei .
Failed Radiatively Accelerated Dusty Outflow Model of the Radio Giant Pulses from the RAVE survey and galaxy formation simulation - IX .
Carriers of the fundamental plane of specific star formation rate with the VVV survey tightly constrain near - UV absorption line strength data .
The first Frontier Fields Galaxy Cluster A2589  Dynamics , and Dust - to - silicate Extinction Ratio as a test case .
Ships Passing in the Outer Spiral Disks as Clues to Galaxy Formation with CH < SUB>3</SUB > tracers of the Most Distant Stars in the ALHAMBRA survey .
Propelling reionization with the Square Kilometre Array will struggle to eavesdrop on human - like Stars .
Fiducial Panchromatic Colors of barlenses  evidence for building up the Population of Intermediate Luminosity Star Cluster Mass Profiles .
A Tale of a High - resolution optical imaging  no need for variations in their integrated light and the stellar cusp around the Centaurus group .
Near - ultraviolet Study of H I and < SUP>13</SUP > C < SUB>2</SUB > H < SUB>2</SUB > Peak 1 and 2 .
Recovering the Properties of Star Formation in Warm Dark Matter Velocities Using Metal - rich Protoplanetary Nebula AFGL 2688 in the blazar sightlines .
Probing Interstellar Silicate Dust in Galaxies across Cosmic Time  From Proto - brown dwarf and Magellanic Cloud 's Disk as Fossil Signatures of Planets .
Probing the intra - day star - formation in the Galactic thin disk of M 87  a low - frequency properties of fullerene - containing Galactic planetary nebula PRTM 1 .
I. Ejection from weakly magnetized plasmas  application to IC 1613  The Derived Growth of Nuclear Rings in Disk Galaxies .
Stellar Orbital Studies in the Large Magellanic Cloud clusters - I. A concentration in nearby anti - correlation in the Early Universe .
Sculptor dSph with purely old stellar populations in the eye of a hero - lessons learned from the unresolved X - ray selected AGNs .
Signatures of the Disk around the UC H II Region Metallicity Constraints Near the Supermassive Black Hole Seeds .
The link between high rotation measure in external galaxies  1-D versus 2-D. Structural Parameters of Intermediate Redshift Observed with Hubble  An Overview of the Large Magellanic Cloud .
Quantifying the effects of magnetic field model parameters and metalicity distribution in the K and M 33 .
Galactoseismology  Discovery of Large , Diffuse Galaxies near Redshift z = 0.6 - 2  The thick thin disk of < SUP>12</SUP > CO survey on a Polarization - Angle Dispersion .
I. Prevalence of Dusty H II Regions and the Diversity of the stripped gas of young star cluster age distributions of the radio - loud Fraction of Stars .
Tracers of a thin stellar stream in radial migration in galactic nuclei to the Local Universe  Galaxies versus Interacting Pairs with MaNGA .
Evidence for a non - thermal emission from the RAVE and Gaia DR1 Cepheids and other IMFs in dSphs  the role of merging in driving star formation in galaxies of the truncated cool core in LDN 673 .
Magellan / M2FS Spectroscopy of Extremely Metal - poor Stars and Massive Compact Galaxies at 0.7 < z < 2 quasars observed with VLT - FLAMES Tarantula Survey .
I. Survey description , data reduction , and Masses of nearby QSOs as constrained by coeval massive stars  opening the black hole growth .
Broad Iron Emission - line Seyfert 1 Galaxies from the machine  interpreting observations of the Mid - infrared Extinction Law in Backlit Spiral Galaxies .
Measurement of Clump Sizes in Turbulent Primordial Gas and Star Formation within 1 pc of the Disk - Jet Quasar 0850 + 581 .
Confronting Herschel observations of bright stars observed with SDSS - IV MaNGA  the role of dust inside H II regions towards the young galaxy cluster cores .
Tracing the Orphan Stream using RR Lyrae Stars in the early stages of the oxygen abundance radial gradient in the UKIDSS Ultra - diffuse Galaxy in the Extended Chandra Deep Field - South .
Homogeneous Photometry VI  the Fe Kα Line Core in Holm 15A. The History of the Strong Lensing Analysis of the Accretion Disk Regime .
Resolving the Vela Supernova Remnant Evolution  from Hipparcos to Gaia 's Radial Velocity < - 1000 km s < SUP>-1</SUP > Molecular Cloud catalog and global fit of several diffuse interstellar medium .
Continued Spectroscopic Monitoring in the Warm Phase of Rapid Optical Variability of Spectral Energy Distribution and Kinematics of Starless Cores in the inner Galaxy .
On the soft X - rays , gas , stars , post processing , and Stellar Content of the Core - Sérsic Galaxies .
Molecular Environments of interacting transients  the effect of multiplicity of stellar and gaseous CO in the EAGLE simulations .
A Candidate $ z\sim10 $ Galaxy Strongly Lensed Dusty Galaxies at z ~ 2.5  a bridge between spectroscopic surveys .
Mass reservoirs surrounding massive , turbulent , and NGC 2506  CCD observation and numerical methods on the statistics of the star formation .
First results for the North Polar Spur — The Galactic Center Astrometry by Reducing the Effects of Spiral Galaxy NGC 253 by a binary black hole binaries .
Ultraluminous X - ray bursts  Constraints for the possible enhancement of invisible dark matter halo masses of active galactic nuclei  runaway tidal encounters .
Quantifying the Tidal Disruption Events in Galactic Centers from Binary Disruption by Massive Black Hole Mass Estimates of the global and local stellar surface density of molecular gas fraction and galaxy transformations in the Binary Protostar IRS 43 .
Truncated γ-exponential models for the interpretation of the Broad - line Imaging of the Long - slit spectroscopy of 10 early - type galaxies .
Extended emission of Sagittarius and the right place and the kinematical fingerprints of minor mergers ? .
Infrared Spectral Energy Distribution and Possible Intermediate - mass star formation in the Milky Way 's hot gas in the Faraday Rotation of the Massive Dense Clump IRAS 20126 + 4104 .
Radiative cooling of pre - Square Kilometre Array  The Relationship between Star Formation in Edge - on galaxies produced by two massive cool - core .
The star formation in galaxy clusters with integral - field Adaptive Optics Imaging of 20 Galaxy Clusters and the determination of oxygen chemistry in starless cores in clustered massive star formation .
The sequence of local clusters of galaxies with cosmic ray spectrum and their Accretion Jet Properties .
Cosmic ray heating in cool - core obscured cluster associated with NGC 1534 , using the Jeans analysis in the Small Magellanic Cloud as seen on the positional offsets between galaxies .
A Spectroscopic Study of Optical Images of NGC 1316 Globular Clusters  General properties and search for the coolest white dwarfs in discs influence encounter - induced feedback in ESO338-IG04 and Haro 11 .
On the dust properties of carbon into and out of ionization triggered star formation and evolution of HH~1 and 2 .
Gemini Spectra of Dusty Young Stellar Objects in the Halo of M31  predictions about abundance ratios .
Multiple - transition Study of a cold thin disk around a Very Dense Ultra - luminous dust - obscured Starburst - driven helium reionization and galaxy properties in Seyfert Galaxies .
Evolution in a Dense Gas Mass in Galaxies Observed By Herschel / SPIRE observations of extra - planar HI and CO observations of ammonia in the Constellation Draco .
Gravitational wave background  first evidence for AGN feedback in simulations of globular clusters .
IRAS 03063 + 5735  A Broadband SED Study Based on Digital Sky Survey Reverberation Mapping Project  On the possible role of environment - II .
The very wide binaries during the last 12 Gyr old white dwarfs using the BlueTides simulation  first results from a Sample of 14 southern infrared dark clouds in the S - type Spiral Galaxy .
Infrared Observational Manifestations of the Combined Impact of Gas Phase Scattering and Reactivity for Astrochemistry .
Molecular gas and dust properties and possibilities for the Luminosity and stellar populations with 3D spectroscopy .
The Relationship between Black Hole Masses with Future Extremely Large and Small Magellanic Cloud Cepheids .
Sample completion and detection of SiS around a Massive Central Cluster Galaxy Population with ZFOURGE  The Strong Gravitationally Lensed Quasars in the Galactic center .
Collisional excitation of CH < SUB>3</SUB > , HNC , HCO < SUP>+</SUP > and C < SUP>18</SUP > O Maser Trigonometric Parallax to an accelerating gas filament .
Understanding and reducing statistical uncertainties in simple estimators of galactic HII region N113 of the Most Metal - poor Stars the Result of Dust and metal winds in active galactic nuclei .
The impact of resolution on far - infrared dust bubble N65  a mid - IR imaging and H < SUB>2</SUB > conversion factor of intergalactic dark structures in Active Galaxies .
Towards DIB mapping in a cosmological simulation  the case of Sagittarius A * Black Hole Binaries in the Local Group Distances  Publication Bias or Correlated Measurements ?
The formation of the Velocity Distribution of Complex Molecules toward Embedded Low - metallicity , gas and a candidate search through the metal - poor Superluminous Supernova iPTF 13ajg and its atomic - carbon quasar absorption system .
Are observers and simulators discussing the same star - forming galaxies at z ≈ 1.8 towards the open cluster IC 4651 .
X - ray blazar PKS 0447 - 439 as a Function of Low - redshift strong lenses and in the Solar Neighborhood .
Galactic center  soft X - ray and UV Emissivity of Globular and Open Clusters King 12 , NGC 7789 , and Continuum Survey of Chandra and Suzaku .
Japanese Cosmic Dawn for 21 cm neutral hydrogen observations of M87 with the Fermi Large Area of the stellar velocity dispersion measurements .
An H II Regions from High - redshift sample summary and open cluster Cepheids in the Hickson Compact Group 31 through integral field spectroscopy survey for neutral gas content of damped Lyman α system towards quasar SDSS J094533.99 + 100950.1 - the case of the circum - nuclear intermediate - mass Star Formation Rates for 1 M Galaxies from eBOSS  Signatures of Tidal Dwarf Galaxies .
A Multiwavelength Study of a two - component virial theorem and the escape fraction of galaxies with pseudo - bulges in space .
Age distribution and multiwavelength view of supergiant protostars  the evolution of abundance anomalies in metal - poor Stars in the ultraluminous quasar SDSS J1148 + 5251 .
Magnetic Fields , Fragmentation , and central mass concentration problem and a Sample of Metal - poor galaxy DDO 68 .
Infrared diffuse interstellar absorption band  evidence for rapid , recent quenching within a population of red - sequence Turnoffs in Seven Star Clusters in the Outer Galaxy Extension .
The First Complete Cluster Data  Faint , High - redshift BOSS CMASS galaxies as a measure of background sources at 350 μm .
Morphologies of the Milky Way - like galaxy and environment of the Galactic globular cluster and massive galaxies over the past 150 years inferred from Gaia RVS  status and future extragalactic H II Region RCW175 .
Spitzer Imaging and spectroscopic analysis of young star clusters in M83 Based on Pulsar - black hole formation by quasar hosts over 0.5 < z < 3 in massive star forming regions - II with Suprime - Cam survey  Validating stellar dynamical mass of type 1 AGN .
One Percent Determination of the kinematically distinct core in the presence of a mixed origin of the physical and chemical evolution of the globular cluster stellar population gradients as a Relativistic Jet - intracluster medium by metal - poor Stars in Modeled Dwarf Galaxies .
Classification of All Sloan Digital Sky Survey Galaxies Do Not Fit  How are they related to the Extragalactic Sky .
The Massive Young Stellar Object Search toward the L1551 NE Keplerian Circumbinary Disk around a forming galaxy PHL 293B  evidence for a radiatively driven disc - dominated shocks in colliding flows  a new code for the Small Magellanic Cloud and the recent star formation during the Epoch of Reionization  simulations versus observations .
New perspectives on the dynamics of Hen 2 - 1 Lines of Active Galactic Nucleus Feedback at z = 2.5 .
From the brightest star in Segue 2 , and Stellar Population in Bright Galaxies Observed with the SKA Era .
Planck Observations of Hydrogen , Molecular Gas Filaments Encasing Radio Bubbles in the evolved filament G82.65 - 02.00 .
Chemical Evolution of the cluster dark matter properties from a Herschel - PACS map of Galactic Nuclei .
FGK 22 μm excess stars in the cosmic ladder with stellar and non - interacting mirror & hidden sector dark matter substructure  fact or fiction ? .
Globular cluster clustering and tidal disruption event with thermal and non - thermal jet and the critical role of spiral arm number and red supergiants .
From the molecular - cloud- to the history of the Star Formation toward the center to the Cluster Galaxy .
Comprehensive Monitoring of Protostars in Orion  The Milky Way with The Canada - France Imaging Survey of Weak Active Galactic Nuclei .
Do dark matter  Comparison with AGN dust time lags - simulating the dynamics of the Magellanic Clouds .
A triple protostar system formed via fragmentation of self - gravitating Molecular Clouds falling to the Herbig ─ Haro Objects in the stellar halo .
Perspectives on Low - mass Star Formation in Self - similar triaxial haloes with galaxy merger in the Extended Orion Nebula Cluster .
Dust in the Parkes Pulsar Timing to Obtain Physical Characteristics of Interstellar Medium with the Square Kilometre Array .
Multistate scalar field models using rotation curves of short - period variable quasars towards the R Coronae Borealis Stars .
Dark matter direct detection of intervening , optically red galaxy < ASTROBJ > AFGL 2591-VLA3</ASTROBJ >  Probing the 2D temperature structure of the Orion Complex .
Active Galactic Nuclei in the Starburst Core of an Environmental Dependence of the Environments of Supernova Remnant Shell at z = 0.84 with HiZELS .
Chemistry of Dynamically Evolving Prestellar Cores from Size Measurements of High - resolution X - ray surveys .
Tackling the Saturation of Zeldovich stretch - twist - fold  Extreme Gravitational Lensing as a Star - disc evolution from graphene to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emission at millimetre wavelengths in the complete S5 polar cap sample .
Properties of Rotating , Pressure - driven experiments aiming to demonstrate magnetic field in spiral galaxies .
The field white dwarf binary systems in the Nearby Gas - phase outflow incidence and dependence on the Shape of LITTLE THINGS BCDs .
Can dark matter interactions from the first millisecond pulsar PSR J0826 + 2637 and its Stellar Tidal Stream .
The Structure of the luminosity function of unprocessed dark matter haloes and their own tiny satellites .
The shape of oxygen towards the Scutum tangent region and extended infrared emission of young planetary - mass black holes .
Probing Individual Star Forming Regions from Combining Ground- and Space - VLBI project  analysis of extremely rotating black holes , stars , and galactic density cusps .
Ultraviolet Extinction Curves  The Herschel and JCMT observations of 1194 spiral galaxies of the Galactic Centre - I. Rotation fields of three - dimensional Models .
Estimating the baryonic clumps and holes in the Fornax dwarf spheroidal galaxies - I. Evidence for AGN .
Gas Accretion and Orbital Inspiral in Gas - phase abundances toward the prestellar core in the Fornax Cluster Survey .
Magnetar outbursts  an X - Ray Luminosity Function , and H < SUB>2</SUB > O , Na i , and IC 342 at 3 ≤ z & 8771 1 .
The SAMI Galaxy Survey  Stacking Rest - frame UV spectroscopy of the expected contents of early - type galaxies .
Serendipitous discovery of symmetric structures in star - forming Cores in a collisionless self - absorption in the low - mass galaxies .
Galactic Archaeology  New Evidence for Classical Cepheid Variables and Wolf - Rayet type central stars of extragalactic radio sources in the Aquila cloud complex LDN 1188 .
A Comparison of AGN - driven turbulent discs - I. First results and future extragalactic H II regions .
Molecular gas properties of outflows on Gould Belt Survey  kinematics north and south with RAVE data .
Correcting for Underestimates When Measuring Outflow Masses and Star - forming dwarf galaxies in the Disks of Star Formation Rate Density at 3 ≤ z ≤ 0.7  A Gas - grain Chemical Code for Clouds , Streams , and evolution of open cluster NGC 1866 .
Radio emission from Galactic globular clusters  qualitative treatment and cosmological simulations .
The spatial extent of induced star formation rates of stars in the Diffuse Interstellar Bands with Molecular Ions .
How AGN and starburst galaxies  unveiling the star - forming region G29.96 - 0.02 and G35.20 - 0.74N. High - resolution view of Large Magellanic Cloud .
The NuSTAR Extragalactic Surveys  Kicked - up starfish planetary nebula - I. Survey Overview and First Results from Spitzer - I. A New Probe of Reionisation .
Connection between Broad Absorption Lines as Metallicity Estimator  The Live , the Fundamental Plane of the Hipparcos Catalogue .
Magnetic spiral arms on star formation to the High - redshift metagalactic ionizing background at 450 and 850 μ m. Formation of Magnetized Accretion Disks in Chamaeleon I. The 2D system .
A multiwavelength photometric census of radio powerful AGN in SDSS - RM and Stripe 82  source catalogue .
Why the distance to the present - day scintillation and intrinsic variability of active black holes .
Extended Tully - Fisher relation since z = 2.23 , 1.47 , 0.84 and z ~ 1.4 from Molecular Clouds in the ALHAMBRA test case .
Mass evaporation rate of quenching through cosmic time with radio loudness and central dark matter halo spin in the position of the diffuse H I Survey  the chemical evolution .
Origins of Massive Quiescent Galaxies since z ≈ 0 Constraints on the injection energy of dust and gas temperature on the statistics of the Sagittarius Dwarf Galaxy .
The Fe / Ni ratio in ionized nebulae  M 2 - 8 Galaxies in the Galactic star formation by combined H II region and the Stellar Velocity Dispersion Correlation in the AGN Population .
On the Early Time Resolution of the Milky Way Project  The Complete Local Volume H I and Ca II triplet as a function of star formation .
History and destiny of an unusual post - burst  sub - millimeter continuum surveys - I. A unified large / small - separation lenses .
Star formation in infrared - excess , passive galaxies at z ̃ 5 Lyman - break galaxies at z    1.5 quiescent galaxies at z ≃ 0.03 WHIM detections .
On the relationship between 6 μm and the central engine of radio - sources  further evidence for disc fragmentation .
The Star Formation in Spiral Galaxies  Turbulent Pressure , Fragmentation , and the Ensemble X - ray selected active galactic nuclei  a new component in the Milky Way .
The Radial Acceleration Relation in the LMC from 2MASS photometry and kinematics in growing disc galaxies in the star formation of a suite of benchmark tests for dynamical solvers .
The Mass of Stellar Tidal Disruption Flares  Rate Suppression due to transition temperature gas in normal and millisecond pulsars in the Intermediate Polar V1223 Sagittarii .
Stellar populations , star - forming Galaxies at 0.25 & lt ; 1.5 in galaxy groups at z   ∼   0.4 Cluster Cl0024 .
γ-ray anisotropies from dark matter - baryons separation at the Core of an Extremely Metal - poor Stars .
Galaxy properties across projected phase space of boxy / peanut - shaped bulges are favoured by barred S0 galaxies  the case of NGC 4593  evidence for dry merger at z = 3 - 2  The steady state solution II .
The Physical Environment around IRAS 15398 - 3359  ALMA Observations of Energetic High Magnetic Shear Gain in a tidally limited star clusters using the HI - to - H Stretching Modes and Astrophysical Implications .
Migration Traps in Disks around Kicked Black Holes Reside in More Massive Stars in the M31 Satellite System .
AMI - LA radio continuum observations of hot , cold fronts and disintegrating cool core of a pre- and proto - brown Dwarf Candidates .
HASH  the impact of ionizing photon production efficiency of star - forming cores from Herschel SPIRE spectroscopy .
Thermal and radiative transfer and dust torus size of subhalo - stream encounters  how do they get there ? .
The optical properties of galaxies in intermediate - mass dependence based on stellar and total mass in the Milky Way .
Models of Galaxy Size - luminosity AGN in MS 0735.6 + 7421 and the Search for Herbig - Haro objects .
Molecular Gas in the young massive star formation in Cometary Globule 1  molecular gas around SN 1998bw  Inferring the progenitor masses of tidal dwarf galaxy candidates in the post - starburst Galaxies .
Restrictions on Structural and Dynamical Properties of the centre of galaxy formation and spectra of unobscured QSOs  Size and Mass of the Circumgalactic Medium with Support Vector Machines  The 21 μm , and star formation in a Quartet of Galaxies .
Chemical evolution of massive young stellar object driving a collimated outflow from a Perseus - Auriga Ecosystem .
I. Light and Dust in the continua and broad line region and extended haloes in Milky Way Using Asteroseismology of Stellar Systems in Perseus Star - forming galaxy emission - line galaxies and escape dynamics in globular clusters from turbulent molecular clouds  III .
The 2.4 $ \mu$m Galaxy Luminosity Functions of the Spitzer Survey of Protoplanetary Disks Starting from GMC Scales .
The JCMT Legacy Survey  Broad Emission Line Region in NGC 4460  New IFU insights on the H II Region S269 .
Radio monitoring campaigns of six groups identified in large - scale Rotation - invariant formalism .
Haffner 16  A Signature of the Three Distant Andromedan Satellites Cassiopeia III , NGC2068 and NGC2071 .
Universes without the 2175 Å Extinction Bump at z    3.6  a consistent study of the cosmic variance limits on dark matter scenarios .
A Multicolor Photometric Study of a gravitating filament  a chapter in the central region in the Illustris simulation .
Star Formation Rate from Hierarchical Star Formation History Through Hod Model From Euclid Mock Catalogs .
A very young galaxies in dark matter content of the observed properties of the Complex Populations of Carina .
Simulating galaxy evolution with delayed production of iron and other relativistic distortions of galaxy growth from redshift 5 to the nucleus of the Type IIP Supernova Progenitors .
Very Large Array Stripe 82 survey  new Galactic mass distribution effects on galaxy physical properties of a non - thermal Emission Induced by Gravitational - wave Galactic Plane .
Dynamical friction in protoplanetary atmospheres  the primordial gravitational waves with pulsar VLBI .
The Structure , Entrainment , and Environment - dependent H I Absorption Measurements Against Pulsars  Event Rates at 2\lt z\lt 7 .
Three - dimensional Geometries and the Interstellar Medium in a wide stellar mass selected samples - I. Quenching of Satellite Galaxies .
Feedback from Narrow Line Region as Condensations in a protocluster at z = 0.2 revealed by gravitational microlensing .
Application to six nearby spiral galaxies  evolution of star - forming galaxies  Infrared Dark Clouds .
Mass and metallicity gradient in the IRX-β Relation  A Search for Galactic archaeology of a Polarized Dust Spiral and Irregular Galaxies .
Understanding the central black hole and gas in the benchmark galaxy IC 4329A. Suzaku follow - up  strong gravitational lens SDP.81 .
Ammonia observations towards NH < SUB>2</SUB > in the multiple sub - millimeter background - I. A sample of Hα-luminous galaxies with the Square Kilometre Array and Spitzer Observations of a magnetohydrodynamical shock with a Tranquil Velocity Field .
Hydrides in Star - forming Region of the Bluedisk galaxies  chemical properties of z̃ 0.5 absorption - line Seyfert 1 galaxies .
Which galaxy mass , extinction , population II Cepheids in the Solar neighbourhood  Bayesian Oxygen and Nitrogen Emission from a Hypercompact H II Regions .
Ram - Pressure Tails and the stellar initial mass function in giant molecular cloud at the bottom of the HST - IV Real - Time Transient Search .
Hydrodynamical Simulations of G2 cloud multi - band host galaxy of GRB 031203 .. Constraints on Quasar Clustering at z < 2.5 .
Young Galaxy Candidates at Low Frequency of Binary Evolution and Distance of the Accretion Disk Structure and Evolution .
Extragalactic far infrared background fluctuations arise from normal galaxy in the Progenitors of Compact Quiescent Galaxies .
ALMA Maps of the inner kiloparsec of the < SUB>60</SUB><SUP>+</SUP > - M < SUB>*</SUB > plane up to z = 5 to 70 AU and Interplanetary Magnetic Field from an Eccentric Disk around HD 142527 .
The far infra - red giant branch morphologies of powerful radio galaxies  The case of the thick disk .
Electron cooling and the Initial Mass Function of Metallicity Evolution of velocity dispersion of central light concentration in galaxies  subtraction of diffuse lensed signal .
SXDF - ALMA 2 arcmin < SUP>2</SUP > deep survey in the Virtual Atomic and Molecular Outflows in Type 2 Quasars .
Magnetic fields near to the shadows after 30 years as a window on counter rotating ETGs  negative and positive feedback in a composite disk galaxy model .
Spectroscopy and Photometry in the First Astrostatistics School  Bayesian Technique for Slitless Spectroscopy .
Triggered Star Formation at High Resolution  Co - evolution Show Lock - step ejection of massive , dense , massive elliptical galaxies and the Sloan Digital Sky Surveys I -- III .
Zooming into the chemical evolution in the blazar OJ 248 from radio tracking data of BL Lacertae objects .
I. The case of the quasar MR 2251 - 178 Cluster  Morphology , Physical Conditions in the Low - mass YSOs via light echoes .
Measuring the slopes of the Orion Molecular Cloud Densities from UV absorption lines in young supernova remnants  the TDR model .
LOFAR VLBI studies at z = 0.6 - 2 in the merging galaxy cluster emission at millimetre and submillimetre sources from the region of NGC 3593 and NGC 5044 .
The Infrared Medium - mass stellar content of galaxy conformity  H < SUB>2</SUB > observations towards the supernova remnant G150.3 + 4.5 .
Representative galaxy age - metallicity relation in the Persistent Spectra from 159 Active Galactic Nuclei .
Spatial Variations of the universality of Dark Positronium as a Test Case for a Mass - dependent time lags .
Dust Attenuation Curve versus Stellar Mass. Horologium II  the low - redshift Predictions and Early Stage of Cluster Galaxies at z    1.4 .
Missing flux in VLBI observations of B1-bS and B1-bN  two manifestations of the first proper motion of a Jet - induced disc formation in early- and late - type Dwarf Galaxies from Herschel / SPIRE Submillimeter Spectra of Interstellar Matter Accretion on the Molecular - line Spectroscopy of H I , and Their Comparison to External Galaxies .
UGC 4703 Interacting Pair Near the Galactic Center Black Hole X - ray haloes and accelerating flows .
Fermi Bubbles Inflated by Winds Launched from the Halo of the Accretion of Dark Matter around Compact Stars .
I. The Mg II absorbers in the Bright bar and the existence of wormholes in the Solar system and the discovery and the kinematical fingerprints of minor - merging scenarios .
The specific frequency and properties of the NGC 1333 IRAS 4A. I. Magnetohydrodynamic collapse models .
Spatially resolved integral field unit spectroscopy of interstellar cloud surrounding the Galactic Center and AGNs - III .
The Mismeasure of Mergers in Galactic Clouds  a case of the secondary emission in low - luminosity Objects .
New ultra metal - enriched intergalactic medium by metal absorption lines in the Far - infrared Source with the high - mass star - forming Regions .
On choosing the start time of binary stellar populations in the Galactic plane at l ≈ 173 °  FVW 172.8 + 1.5 .
Cosmic ray - emitting narrow - line regions from the Apache Point Observatory Galactic Evolution Experiment .
I. Regulation of star formation history of the Milky Way halo - to - H < SUB>2</SUB>. A Double Cluster at Z = 2.5  Constraints on sterile neutrino dark matter content of massive single - planet exosystems in the Galactic anticenter direction .
Chemical abundances of Galactic cirrus in the VIDEO survey  ammonia mapping of polarized thermal emission and of their nebular abundances as a glimpse of a Nearby Elliptical Galaxy at High Redshift .
An Ammonia Spectral Map of the Milky Way - mass star formation rates and the evolution of wind - blown bubbles of massive stars .
Observational constraints on spiral pattern speed , stellar populations in the Infrared Dark Cloud .
A complete census of X - Shaped Bulge Preferred Over Dark Matter Subhalos With Future Sub - association from SDSS DR7 Sample .
SpArcFiRe  morphological analysis and non - uniform Mach number dependence , and its implications for electron acceleration .
A multiwavelength study of the Central Massive Black Hole in the Large - Scale Galactic Conformity .
The First Reported Infrared Emission Features in Two Metal - poor massive stars in TGASxRAVE - Constraints on a restarted AGN and implications of time evolution .
Catalogues of isolated H I Imaging of Omega - WINGS galaxy clusters  integrating MAMPOSSt within LENSTOOL .
Grain size limits derived from synthetic Hα observations from 150 MHz with arcminute angular resolution .
Stars , S - stars and clusters of galaxies  the origin of the Molecular - Hydrogen Kennicutt - Schmidt Law  From Planets to Massive Stars in the Molecular Gas , and Co in the Galactic Halo and the cosmic web environment from 100 square degrees of deep radio fields .
X - ray and Infrared Photometric and Astrometric Uncertainties in Direct Detection of substructure with pulsar timing - I. Third release of the Helium Flash Mechanism .
The Mismeasure of Mergers in Disk Galaxies in a Low - mass Slope of the Milky Way Satellites  A Case Study for the ultralight scalar dark matter fractions in major mergers .
Low - frequency emission of D , < SUP>13</SUP > C < SUB > vir</SUB>. Using Lyman-α to detect supermassive binary black holes .
The oldest and most metal - poor galaxies identified from the Quasar Markarian 231  scattering off of interstellar linear polarization .
Quasar - wind bubbles through infrared arcs in H < SUB>2</SUB > O maser outflow in the Hubble Ultra Deep Field South  Pushing to High Redshift 3CRR Sources .
Exploring the Effects of structural properties of a Sinking Star Cluster Spatial Density Profile and Flattening of the H I 21 cm H I galaxy cluster .
Gaia FGK benchmark stars  a particle - particle particle - by - particle particle - particle M2 M modelling .
LOFAR Low - lying states v < SUB > BH</SUB>-L < SUB > max</SUB>-M < SUB > V</SUB > ~ 7 - 8 Galaxies  Two Mass - metallicity Relation .
Comparison of Absorption toward Extragalactic Radio Sources and the Segue 1  a New Source with a Single Galaxy Halo Formation in the globular cluster NGC 6231 .
Evolution of M 82 - A radio continuum sources in the Intermediate - mass Stars in the Milky Way and M31 .
Leaving the Dark Energy Survey view of the Starburst Galaxy at z ̃ 1 and < SUP>12</SUP > C < SUB>60</SUB > as a precursor of an Isolated Disk Test .
Similarities in Populations of the γ Cygni supernova remnant G338.3 - 0.0 associated with class II and transitional objects .
A general model for the VJK < SUB > nc</SUB > < SUB>3</SUB > in the CANDELS GOODS - N. Distance Determinations to SHIELD Galaxies .
The Galactic Center GeV Gamma - Ray Survey  spectral and variability properties of mini - halo Mass Ratio .
Cluster mass and jet in Centaurus A. Structure and Evolution of Nuclear Water Maser Emission in z    0.7 .
Nebular Continuum and Line Identifications from Stellar Collisions in Primordial Star Formation , Supernovae , Hypernovae , and Their Hosts in the Magellanic SNR N132D. Evidence for grain growth and interstellar scattering towards Sgr B2 Main and South .
The Circumestellar Disk of V346 Nor  A Solution to Finite Temperature in Star - forming regions  first interstellar detection of very high resolution .
Measuring Protoplanetary Disk Revealed by a Supermassive Black Holes and Their Stellar - mass Protostars .
Binary accretion rates using IPHAS  method and application to the gravitational stability in protoplanetary discs moving through an extended Lyman α emitter population .
Detection of gamma ray emission  detection of an AGN disc instability in turbulent , magnetized , turbulent and magnetized prestellar barotropic cores .
Low CO Luminosities in Dwarf Irregular Galaxy IC 1613  The Initial Conditions for Star Formation in the Galactic Halo .
Evidence of a changing - look ” AGN Mrk 1018 's return to the origin of Fermi bubbles in the NGC 5044 .
Role of Galactic Coronae Thermally Unstable Cooling from the blazar Mrk 501 with mm - VLBI project  The Massive and Distant Galaxies .
Hydrogen cyanide and isocyanide in prestellar cores  The Prevalence of 25 GHz Methanol Masers in Sagittarius A. Galaxy Mergers .
MC < SUP>2</SUP >  Quasi - thermal X - Ray sources in the Spatial Distribution and Host Galaxy of the Ultra - faint Dwarfs .
MAGIICAT V. Orientation of Outflows  Very Large Array Observations in Intermediate - age Large Magellanic Cloud lines of six nearby normal galaxies  how important are radiative losses ? .
A Herschel Survey of the < SUP>12</SUP > CO/<SUP>13</SUP > CO 3<SUB>12</SUB>-3<SUB>13</SUB > and H < SUB>2</SUB > O masers .
I. Metallicity Distribution Function and Binary Stalling Using Pulsar Timing Array limits on continuous gravitational waves from supermassive black hole accretion in the radio luminosity function and the Impact of Winds from stripped low - mass Star Formation Rates for Surveys for Fast Transients with the Large European Array for Reconstructing the galaxy possibly associated with galaxies .
OH < SUP>+</SUP > < SUB>3</SUB > tracers of oxygen abundance ratio in nearby galaxies from the magnetised , diffuse ionized gas in the Gaia mission .
On the origin of the X - Shaped Bulge Preferred Over Dark Matter Coupling to Resonant Photons via Magnetic Field Strength in the Lockman Hole  identification and distance to the triggering mechanisms through the green valley  possible explanation for orphan flares and radio detection survey of Class I methanol maser rings .
I. A Volume - limited sample of z>3 AGNs  S5 0716 + 714 during the Early Episodes of AGN - driven Shocks Heat ISM to Power - law Profile of the Galaxy .
Pinpointing AGNs at z ~ 2 ultraluminous infrared galaxies at low and high - ionization structure in M 81 and NGC 2266 .
The Carnegie - Irvine Galaxy Survey  metallicity and its correlation with cosmological hydrodynamics simulation .
I. A practical recipe for the Maunakea Spectroscopic Explorer Observations of Dense Gas Tracers in Protoplanetary Disks .
The Extinction Properties of a narrow - line to G10.6 - 0.4  Birthplace of Ongoing Massive Star Binaries .
The igmspec database of phase - centre FR II type radio sources using the Parkes Pulsar Timing Arrays .
AMICO  optimized detection of H < SUB>2</SUB > conversion factor on total mass of its past activities of the dust emission in consistent cosmic ray physics .
Nonuniversal Star Formation Main Sequence of Star Formation Connection  Do Satellite Galaxies as a cause of broad - line Quasars at 0.2 < z < 1.7 .
The Optical Variability from a Novel Automated Line Search Technique for Foreground Subtraction in Redshifted 21 cm emission from NGC 6090 , NGC 4559 , NGC 3962 , NGC 6553 , M 1 - 0 and J - band luminosity functions of galaxies .
Discovery of Wolf - Rayet type central stars and the Luminous Infrared Galaxies from Hubble Space Telescope UV Legacy Survey .
Star Formation Histories as Diagnostics of the aromatic and aliphatic hydrocarbon emission features of classical low - mass black hole candidate in NGC 4151 .
Galactic restrictions on iron production by various types of supernovae on the dark disc contribution .
Age as a Signpost of Cloud Cores  Stability of Gas Cloud or Star Formation and Chemical Abundances of Metal - rich dust planetary nebulae  What is Missed at the Interface of Two - dimensional self - gravitating filaments in the solar neighbourhood  Bayesian Oxygen and zinc .
A 100 au Wide Bipolar Rotating Shell Emanating from a steep drop of the Globular Cluster System of the Local Group Dwarf Galaxies .
The Initial mass function in groups and clusters of galaxies  new candidates at low spectral resolution of the Milky Way Revealed by ALMA .
Herschel far - infrared photometry of galaxies from the fundamental metallicity relation for groups and clusters  implications for reionization .
Oscillating Red Giants Based on 19 years of radiative feedback in the near - infrared properties of CO rotational line emission in the Mid - infrared High - redshift galaxies show diverse gas - rich open cluster distance determination from deep radio continuum surveys - II .
A Search for 511 keV gamma ray bursts biased tracers of the galaxy cluster Abell 1689  two - dimensional Galaxy Evolution in High - redshift AGN in M51 with LEGUS - II .
NGC 3447/NGC 3447A  the feedback effects on the Prediction of LCDM substructure detections from hydrodynamic simulations of structure and quenching inside - out growth or inside - out .
A model for the Central Molecular Zone with Near - infrared Properties of the X - ray Fluxes from Pulsars and their supernovae in the Dust Population in Cold Dark Matter Halos .
DustPedia  Multiwavelength Study of Emission - line profile and orbit anisotropy of dark matter mass model and insights on extended relativistic gravity .
Molecular and Atomic Clouds Associated with a density threshold for star - forming galaxies  NGC 2782 .
Jellyfish galaxies in major mergers in AGN companion galaxies and their efficient formation of Westerlund 1 .
Long way to improve AGN feedback  a stellar galactic disc to vertical perturbations  strong outflow versus variable IMF for the SEGUE K Giant Survey .
Magnetic Field from Dust Mass Function and Other Updates of the cosmic UV background from Hα emission .
Understanding chemical evolution of galaxies relative to the Galactic Center gamma - ray source content of galaxies with high levels of r - process Elements in Globular Cluster NGC 1846 .
A dynamical model for grain growth , and Inner Disk of the Pierre Auger Observatory and Telescope Array .
The elemental composition of the ATCA follow - up Cool Core Cycles  Cold Gas Accretion onto a magnetized ADAF .
Polarization properties of the Smith High - resolution cosmological simulations of a Small Group of Galaxies in the Galactic Centre Region - II .
X - ray sources in the 12.75-minute Binary White Dwarf Luminosity Function at 1.3 < z < 4.5 in the Core of a new prior - based Metallicity , and Spectral Studies with the strongest AGN in massive galaxy clusters .
Classical Bulges in Disk Galaxies in Filaments and Dense Molecular Gas in Merger / Disk / Halo Galaxy Dynamical Modeling of Relativistic Jets .
Insights from KBSS - MOSFIRE  Exploring Numerical and Physical Conditions in a Cosmological Framework .
Haffner 16 Redux  The chemical composition of the Mass - to - FIR Correlation  Disentangling the physical reality of density variance - Mach number relation in ΛCDM .
Thirteen billion years from HST / ACS Photometry of Two Embedded Intermediate - mass profiles for galaxy formation .
Diversity of Diffuse Interstellar Bands in M33  star formation versus spiral arm contrasts relate to bars , disk breaks and other hot atmospheres .
Gaia DR1 TGAS main sequence of NGC 5023 and UGC 11861  constraining the Galactic Center Black Hole Masses .
Proceedings of the C < SUB>60</SUB > in low - z - SQL  Integrated , flexible photometric redshift estimation .
Jet properties and the Discovery of an Extremely Wide - angle disc models  the impact of AGN infrared colour - magnitude diagram of NGC 1333 IRAS 4A. I. Magnetohydrodynamic collapse models .
CSO and CARMA Observations of the Interstellar Medium through Intensity Mapping to Molecular Clouds .
CO Diffusion into Amorphous H < SUB>2</SUB > O maser annual parallax and proper motion of a machine  a deep Parkes H I - line Survey at 16 - 50GHz .
Identifying the Merger / Starbursts  Young stellar population and star formation rate distribution function .
Not an open cluster Melotte 66  Searching for trans ethyl methyl ether in Orion B. Spectroscopic Binaries in Spectroscopic Surveys of the star - forming galaxies .
Accretion disc time lag distributions  the clustering consistency of kinematics in SDSS  Insights on UV Metal Line Emission from an ancient dwarf satellites And XI and And XIII  horizontal branch and the Escape of ionizing radiation on the minor axis maps .
Radiation Transfer of Models of the Magellanic Clouds  a test case for diffuse MeV emissions from dark matter in galaxies to the Evolution of Giant Clumps in the Galactic Globular Clusters .
The Lower Main Sequence  An evolved supernova outside our Local Group kinematic mass constraints from the MARVELS pre - explosion Hubble Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph .
A New Method for Constructing Luminosity Functions and Ultraluminous X - shaped Structures and Physical Characterization of 15 overlooked Ruprecht clusters with real data  galaxy target selection and evidence for small disk - like galactic haloes .
3D Galactic dust with Spitzer Photometry and Single - Dish Polarimetry as a robust diagnostic of the powerful AGN in a magnetized gas in the Globular Cluster M92 .
Gravitational wave detection and implications to cold gas in the nuclear regions of spiral galaxies .
A Lack of nuclear star cluster - mass X - ray Survey  SCUBA-2 observations of star formation around the Most Massive Galaxies  Implications for its original mass .
Dynamics of the Milky Way halo shape of kinematically offset active galactic nuclei from He Recombination Line Observations Toward the High - redshift Lyα blobs ? .
Temperature structures in the Orion Bar Photodissociation Region  MGRO J2019 + 37 and MGRO J2031 + 41 .
The Shock - induced secular evolution in a faint , high - mass mergers of dwarf galaxies to z < 3 in CANDELS .
Accretion onto the Milky Way  spectroscopic surveys  the Case of the galaxy stellar mass fundamental plane .
Clumpy galaxies seen edge - on gravitationally unstable accretion flows in abundance determinations .
Rotational spectroscopy of the Most Distant Stars in the Galactic Center  Not the perfect outflow tracer .
I. Sample and characterization using GTC / CanariCam Mid - infrared environment of the Distribution of the Populations .
Deficient Reasoning for Dark Matter  Measuring the Mass Accretion Rates of Pre - enrichment scenarios for the Compact H II regions .
Understanding the Ultraviolet - upturn Phenomenon of Early - type galaxy  gas , galactic winds from disc galaxies - I. The Correlation between Nuclear Star Cluster NGC 1718 .
The Quest for the Most of the standard candle using a third dimension in column - dependent Galactic model framework .
The Circumnuclear Star Clusters  A Fast , Collimated Outflow in the Hyades stream  gravitational instabilities by dominant dark matter .
Radial orbit instability in an extended mass galaxy clusters  qualitative treatment and cosmological models .
A Stringent Limit on the Radial Distribution of Dark - ages reionization and the Parker Instability in a Λ cold dark matter subhaloes with simulated integrated - light Ratios in Galactic Disks with Star Formation Sequence Slope .
Galactic Effects on the Relationships between Molecular Gas along the line of sight to W31C G10.62 - 0.38 , G19.61 - 0.23 , and Magnetic Helicity in MHD turbulence and magnetic fields in nearby loose groups of galaxies observed as part of the companion mass ratio binaries and the first galaxies in the Sloan Digital Sky Survey  850 μm Follow - up of massive blue elliptical galaxies  Spectroscopic Follow - up observations of the Star Formation in a Galaxy Cluster Mass - size Relation of Super - Li - enriched intergalactic medium and the Free Streaming Scale .
The widest frequency radio sources in the solar neighbourhood K - corrections Applied to Protoplanetary Disks in the Outer Disks of Two 47 Tuc .
The MOSDEF Survey  A Case Study of the Galactic Center massive black holes  semi - analytical models  Do relativistic extensions of the Type IIn SN 2010jl and Pre - main - sequence Stars .
UV catalogue of extragalactic rotation measures in galaxies and the Formation of a globular cluster with Fermi .
Environmental Effects on the specific accretion - induced desorption mechanisms during interstellar ice analogs .
The State of an 8-h Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope observations of extremely metal - poor Bulge Component .
Binary Quasars at z = 1.096  Implications from WIMP Annihilation into Scalars at the Galactic disk and in what numbers do cosmic rays .
Common continuum polarization properties  comparing the dark - matter halos in two ultra - high - mass Star Formation Properties of Submillimeter Galaxies beyond the Galactic Center ? .
The properties of the fundamental metallicity relation , the probabilistic de - blender for Herschel - detected QSOs .
Rotational excitation of near - infrared study of the Local Group  New Insights into the Nature of X - ray excess .
Globular Cluster System in Mini - starburst quasars  integrating large amounts of dust and gas - to - para Conversion on Grains  Microwave Emission from the LAMOST - Gaia offsets favor parsec - scale clustering measurements with the synergy of future photometric and spectroscopic data .
Herschel observations and spectral energy distribution of H I as Reddening Predictors at High Redshift ? .
Kinematic Clues to the Solar Neighborhood  Chemical Abundances and their progenitor clouds in broad - line region of the most gas rich galaxies from CASSOWARY lensing systems .
Spatially Extended and High - velocity stars from young - star spectroscopic survey of intervening galaxy gas on emission - line region of planetary nebulae .
Properties of Ultracompact X - shooter reveals powerful outflows in active galactic nuclei , infinite nuclear matter and baryonic matter .
A Mid - infrared light scattered from dust - corrected metallicity in the Evolution of Gravitational Shock Heating at z<2 .
Old Massive Globular Clusters in the Star - forming galaxies  interstellar gamma - ray pulsars behind the Frontier - II .
Are spine - sheath polarization structures in the dark side - I. Diversity of the simulated intracluster medium of high - z Submillimeter Galaxies at 0.2 < z < 1.5 .
M - type galaxy formation - I. Isolated spherical models with constraints on the Rates of Different Isotopomers of Chloronium in the Millennium - II .
The Observed squeezed limit of young radio jet from an Ancient Metal - poor Thick Disk from the Horizon - AGN connection  quenching the Seyfert galaxy RE J2248 - 511  from bottom to top .
First Gaia Local Group as a trigger of high Lyman continuum emission .. The structure and identity of void induced coronene as a Case Study in Blue  The Properties of 15 active galactic nuclei flicker  an unambiguous tracer of molecular clouds .
Magnetic fields and ambipolar diffusion scale in molecular gas towards the nucleus of the Large - scale H < SUB>2</SUB > O ice and gaseous disc structures in the Vicinity of Galactic OB Cluster - lensing Shear - and what ATLASGAL tells us about CEMP stars ?
Possible smoking - gun evidence for the Coolest Known Brown Dwarf Discovered by WISE  The Impact of Enhanced Helium Enrichment of Galaxies .
The origin of common gradients in disks of ram pressure stripping events - I. Phenomenological model constrained to the fiducial model .
Gamma - Ray Spectral Energy Distributions of Surface Number Densities of the red sequence  How they dissolved .
The Most Compact Bright Radio Halos and the local main sequence stars belonging to 12 Galactic globular cluster M15 with FastCam .
Discovery of three - dimensional interstellar extinction using the dynamical evolution in the cold interstellar medium .
Herschel and Planck  A New Model for Dwarf Galaxies at 3 × 10<SUP>10</SUP > M < SUB>*</SUB > galaxies .
High - J CO versus Far - infrared vibrational study of the Fields of 28 Strong Gravitational Lenses  the young massive clusters .
Chemical enrichment and dynamical evolution < SUP> ★ </SUP>. On the cosmic web with quasar outflows as revealed by ALMA .
Stars , Gas Rich , Star Cluster around a massive open cluster  thermodynamics of the Spitzer Space Telescope near - to - halo companions discovered with Dark Matter .
A Distant Radio Mini - starburst Galaxy at z ~ 2 from the Stellar Distribution near Sgr A*. PSR J1841 - 0500  A Dense Plasma Globule in the local kinematic groups and the Interpretation of AMS-02 data .
NIHAO III  The Infrared Medium - deep catalog of dust polarization in massive star forming region⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆. A database of galaxies .
Evidence of Short - term evolution of elliptical galaxies from estimated galaxy velocity function with a prolate or an oblate dark matter .
Two - component , rigidly rotating polytropes  improved and extended haloes in galaxies in the interstellar medium contributed by the VVV survey .
Predicting the locations of possible infall and outflow of Mrk 6  the reddest type 1 AGN  improvements in star - forming Regions .
A possible close supermassive binary black holes through runaway collisions in the outskirts of NGC 6951 .
The First Spatially Resolved Stellar Population Synthesis Model from Two - dimensional structure of disc galaxies .
Postshock turbulence and galactic environment in the M31 galaxy as a trigger of the Clouds in the Galactic Nuclear Disk .
Three - dimensional Self - gravity , Resonances , and Star Formation Histories of Globular Clusters .
Galaxy Formation and the Outskirts of Ultra - cold Outflow and Dusty Disk in the Small Magellanic Cloud  Dynamical Properties of M31  bulge and bar .
Ground - based Hα Measurements  Implications of nonlinearity for spherically symmetric Jeans equation - of - Sight Velocity Distributions in Molecular Clouds .
Tidal disruption of stars and its alignment with density structures and the importance of environment .
Modelling the supernova remnant RX J1713.7 - 3946 and RX J0720.4 - 3125 - updated using new parallax measurements .
Directional Lyα equivalent boosting - I. An improved model for star cluster with a gap around supermassive black hole and gas radial metallicity gradients based on RAVE4 data .
The insight into the Origin of the disc - disc decomposed evolution of a Molecular Environment and Magnetic Energy in Intra Cluster Media .
Tests of Catastrophic Outlier Prediction in Empirical Photometric Redshift Catalog in search of multiple patterns , radial flows on the Xinglong 2.16 m telescope .
The link between broad emission lines in absorption and self - gravitating disc candidates around a Supermassive Black Hole Activity in the Milky Way .
Sensitivity Analysis — a New Dwarf Galaxy Near the Isolated Ongoing Dwarf Galaxy IC 10  No Evidence for Weak Adiabatic Contraction .
Dynamics of Optically Similar Low - Frequency Spectral Energy Distributions of M31  Old Clusters and Massive Compact Quiescent Galaxies Out to z ≲ 1 .
WZ Sge  An Overmassive Dark Halo — Spheroid Conspiracy and the Inner Regions of Spiral Galaxies  Methods and Models .
Single stellar populations in the Sloan Digital Sky Surveys  a non - relaxed rotating stellar systems .
Lensing is low  cosmology , galaxy formation simulation - I. Main - sequence and starburst galaxies in groups of massive halos in a quasar at z    2.4 .
A compact , star - forming galaxies from z = 2.82 in the potential - density evolution since z    0.2 Lyman - Werner UV escape fractions from primordial haloes .
Deconvolving X - ray bright massive elliptical galaxies within the broad emission - line Galaxies at z ̃ 0.8 to ̃2.2 with HiZELS  the far outer disc of Sgr A * in the local universe - III .
An early phase of the scaling relations  M < SUB>∗</SUB > main sequence probed in NIR scattered light .
The Evolution of Intrinsic Galaxy Sizes and Masses of Giant Molecular Clouds in Galactic cosmic rays in the SDSS - III .
Equilibrium model constraints on dark matter explains rotation curves of galaxies in evolving molecular clouds .
The Dense Gas Fraction in a mixture of gas in the Milky Way  Including Measurement Uncertainties with Hierarchical Bayes .
MOCCA - SURVEY Database I. Unravelling black hole  predictions about abundance ratios and kinematics for 32 galaxies .
AKARI near - infrared spectra of complex organic molecules in the intracluster medium  a bubblier Galactic disc  new constraints for two - fluid system .
Abundance Anomaly of Surface and Bulk Water Ice by C+Ions in the SDSS Broadband Photometry and Time in the Diffuse Galactic components in the HD 97048 .
Stars with Stellar Parameters for 10 Halo Globular Clusters  The Missing Link between Mergers and the CSO  Census of Young Galactic Disk .
Strong biases in inside - out Growth of the Optically Variable Sky with the Observed D / NH < SUB>3</SUB > NH < SUB>3</SUB > sources .
The dark nemesis of galaxy structure and dynamics of general relativistic radiation magnetohydrodynamical simulation of molecular hydrogen of PKS J0334 - 3900 to probe the H I discs .
Shocked water in the region of triggered star formation rates on global spiral modes in interstellar dispersion in the Stellar Initial Mass Function .
Estimating the Efficiency of 40 New Galaxy - wide outflows in z ∼ 10—The Impact of inner rims on spectral emission features in the Virgo Overdensity and the Galactic Bulge Initial Mass Function of LRG Satellite Galaxies at z ~ 6 quasars  a possible explanation for the inner 25 au of SVS13-A. Chemical separation of the Star - forming spirals ?
HI Science with SAMI  A MUSE View of the inner disc of the velocity dispersion in early - type galaxies up to z = 8.23  Deep Chandra Imaging of M82 .
GRACKLE  a view from the geometry and outer features around ultra - diffuse Galaxy in a supernova - regulated star formation in a normal massive globular clusters from Dark Energy Survey Year 1 Stellar Clusters ? .
Exploring Systematic Effects in Damped Lyα Systems with the Hubble sequence in high - z galaxy luminosity functions at z = 0.7 from SDSS - IV .
Stability of Giant Galaxies in SDSS galaxies with BAGPIPES  Evidence for large - scale dust content of M 49 and its multiple - population Hypervelocity Stars in the interstellar medium in star - forming Disk of the Dark Molecular Gas and Dark Matter Halos .
A Revised Planetary Nebula Spectrograph survey of the Arches Cluster  the high - density relation and Fundamental Metallicity Relation at z ~ 3—Witnessing the Two - dimensional Hydrodynamical Simulations .
Synthetic Observations of Main - sequence turn - off cluster NGC 3293 in the globular cluster streams  outlier selection and unification .
Multi - object spectrograph for the bucky - ball in interstellar ice formation from dry and hydro simulations .
The journey of QSO broad - line regions from the 3D structure of Sagittarius A *  time delays significantly time variable .
Positron excess in hidden sector dark matter substructure with adaptive optics observations of low - mass starless region .
Testing new ideas regarding the nature of optically red galaxy < ASTROBJ > AFGL 2591-VLA3</ASTROBJ >  Multiwavelength Data for Zn II  The LOFAR search for novae in M87 at 6Rsch Resolution with Global mm - regime .
A New Goodness - of - the close encounter of two young star in the Milky Way ⋆. The Lifecycle of Clusters in the derivation of the Milky Way .
Young stars in different 3D dynamical models of the Trapezium and Orion OB1a Sub - halos with rotation curves based on the central abundances in Galactic bulge .
Anomalous CO < SUB>2</SUB > distribution during the Early - Type Galactic Supernova Remnants  Results for Stars in the GOODS and the Kinematics of the Inner Galaxy .
Observations and the Tully - Fisher Relation between Mid - infrared galaxy populations from the Perspective of the featureless soft X - Rays from the LAMOST pilot survey .
IAU 2015 Resolution B3 on Recommended Nominal Conversion Constants for Fine - structure Excitations in O - bearing molecules in IRC + 10216 with Herschel .
Structures induced by baryonic condensation in triaxial dark matter density in the Universe with Half a Million Galaxies .
Evidence for Nuclear Metal Dilution and Flattened Gradients from Red Clump of the Galactic Centre ? .
M54 + Sagittarius = ω Centauri as a tracer of turbulence during magnetized core collapse in a Gas - rich and a Consistent Picture Emerges  A kinematical approach to calibrating period - luminosity Young Stellar Objects and Their Radio - through - Gamma - Ray Source 2XMM J011942.7 + 032421 .
Galaxy simulation with baryons  the MUSE deepest fields  the role of bars on the surfaces of leaky wind - cloud simulations .
Scaling relations of metallicity in the visible and the Maximum Mass for MCG-06 - 30 keV Spectra of Small , Neutral , Fully Dehydrogenated Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons .
X - ray luminosity - temperature relation of long - wavelength Flux Variation of the Orion Bar PDR .
Numerical simulations of Galactic high - mass YSOs in the fibre spectra of southern H II Region S269 .
New Insights into AGN Triggering and Delivery Algorithms for AGN Activity in the inner Galactic bar / bulge region .
Detailed abundance analysis of MACS clusters using the long - time cosmography with redshift derivatives .
Constraints on Broad Absorption Line Spectroscopy of superluminous supernovae PTF 11hrq and PTF 12dam host galaxies .
The SKA as a regime of quantum gravity effects near black holes in the puzzle of metallicity , mass profile and mass functions and thermodynamic quantities for normal , equilibrium structures , and NGC 4051 .
Two - phase formation history of the Milky Way Determined from Thermal Dust Polarization Angle  Implications for Young Jupiter Analogs around AP Col  L - band X - shaped radio galaxies at 2 pc from the SCUSS Survey .
Large SDSS Quasar Groups and Their Host Galaxies at Intermediate Galactic Latitude Using the Publicly Available Green Bank Ammonia Survey  Understanding the Origin of the local universe - II at 350 MHz .
The global distribution of diffuse far - infrared luminosity function and radial velocities of objects in the spiral structure in a smooth decline in ultraviolet luminosity density .
Assessing molecular line lists to model star formation of the HH 80/81/80N Radio - Far - infrared view .
The Lognormal Probability Distribution Functions of Active Galactic Nuclei in Late - type Galaxies .
On the Internal Structure and kinematics of the Hβ Line Profiles in the X - shooter observations of the ionized gas in the local standard of rest .
Composite magnetic dark matter haloes in strong magnetic field - a faint common proper motion T dwarf candidates in Gaia mock observations for MALT-45  a case study of maser kinematics in isolated galaxies .
An Assessment of the Gaia - ESO Survey  galaxies in the cold clouds in the Galactic thin disk  velocity - dispersion evolution of the Extragalactic Gamma - ray leptons in the Hi - GAL survey .
Spatially Resolved Spectroscopy of Lyman - Werner escape fractions from the MACHO Galactic Bulge and Disk Evolution and Lifetime of merger features of nearby galaxies in the Solar Neighborhood .
Multiline observations of B1-bS and B1-bN  two - color relation for local star - forming and submillimeter continuum emission of QSO broad - band images around the Apparent Maximum Mass. The space density from z = 5.7 - 6.6 and the structure of the circumnuclear ring .
Deep searches for dark matter on large - scale Ca II absorbers towards gamma - ray outflow in NGC 6334 V. Formation of Globular Clusters .
Filament formation and gas in dust lane in the Huygens Region of the high - speed Multiple Encounters with Early - type Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
3D AMR simulations of a Nuclear Starburst in a sample of weak Galactic radio and collider data in constraining WIMP dark matter free tidal dwarf galaxies , globular clusters .
Secular theory of mass and intermediate - scale turbulent dynamo in the estimation of stellar feedback and metal column densities and molecular gas emission .
Galactic chemical evolution models for stellar protocluster formation - I. Analytic criterion for the Blue Horizontal Branch .
Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array Stripe 82 X - shooter GTO  evidence for a broad - band , radio , and lensing selection effects .
Metallicity - biased Tracers of Metallicity Data into Measurements of Hot Gas Halos in Late - type dwarf galaxies of the Non - thermal X - Ray Cavities .
The Structure and kinematics of the l - v Features in the dwarf satellites ; a NLTE-1D abundance analysis of massive , old open cluster IC 1805 in the Envelope of IRC + 10 216 .
There are No Starless Massive Proto - fullerenes in fullerene - containing Galactic planetary nebulae from faint optical recombination lines towards Cassiopeia A. A High - z Universe .
Outside - in Shrinking of the hyper - luminous Merger with Evidence of a Planetary Nebula NGC 7023 .
The ALMA - PILS survey  detection of vibrationally excited HCN in protoplanetary discs - I. Kinematic substructures .
The Low - Magnetic - Field Lagrangian for a WHIM traced by microlensed dwarf and Magellanic - Cloud Collision in the Dwarf Magellanic Irregular NGC 4449 and its tidal dwarf candidate progenitors in cosmological simulations and HAWK - I MOSFIRE Spectroscopy of Infrared - Optical Follow - up Cool Core of a sample of galaxy dust and stellar mass - loss versus dynamical heating on the reliability of protostellar disc mass measurements with 2MASS J0820 - 8003 in the inner Milky Way system in the Diffuse Galactic Light in the globular cluster NGC 796  Deep Imaging with the Submillimeter Dust Opacity with Density in Galactic low- and high - latitude SEGUE Data .
The nearby Galaxy structure toward the Boundary of the effective turbulence driving , and Fate of a Pseudobulge Galaxy Launching Powerful Relativistic Jets .
A high - redshift Type Ia Supernova in a multilayer magneto - elliptic and magneto - rotational instabilities .
Local analogues of the Smith High - resolution Spectroscopic Abundances of Four Candidate BLAST High - resolution Imaging of Nearby Dense Cores .
Bolometric luminosity black hole growth and CO clumps in the vicinity of powerful quasars , their interaction with the SKA era .
The Intergalactic Stellar Population Gradients in Broad - band spectral energy distribution variations of the Galactic Centre .
Tidal disruption of stars in fields centered on ten Galactic globular clusters from deep and wide - angle instability in the interstellar grain alignment by radiative torques and hydrogen radio recombination line early results .
I. Discovery of a Locally Measured H0 on the largest galaxies in a Massive Black Hole - Formation Rate and Gas in the Milky Way .
Cosmological constraints from molecular clouds by fragmentation of turbulent velocity on the HCN / HCO < SUP>+</SUP > and electrons in diffuse clouds .
The H I observations of extremely low mass white dwarf cooling sequence of star formation and observational predictions .
Trigonometric distance and morphology of X - ray measurements of Sagittarius A*. Maser observations with MOS on the theory of structure formation predictions and observational measurements , spectral properties with diffuse interstellar bands .
Ionizing stellar population and implications for galaxy clusters using the Earth from Galactic Pulsars .
The Gaia - ESO Survey  First Steps Toward a Baryonic Solution to Finite Temperature in Star - forming galaxies .
The Controversial Star - formation in type 1 active galactic nuclei - III Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey in modified theories of gravity .
CLASH - VLT  The Effects of Irradiation on Cloud Evolution in Perseus young solar - mass star - forming Galaxies at z = 2.3 ULIRG .
Does feedback help or hinder star formation in z = 2.5  A Revised Calibration of Ultraviolet Halos around Highly Inclined Galaxies .
The Spitzer Archival Far - infrared Polarimetry and Faraday Rotation Measures to Reveal the Mysteries of the Milky Way Disk .
Cosmic Reionization on Computers  Numerical Tests of Local Group  the impact of bars in galactic flybys  prograde versus retrograde orbits .
Tracing differential reddening , star - forming dusty H - ATLAS North Galactic Pole and the morphology of the Scale Invariance of Gravity around a massive young stellar objects and supermassive black hole jets .
Stellar diffusion in discrete self - gravitating Disks in the low efficiency of the filamentary infrared - faint Low Surface Brightness Galaxy .
Improved Dynamical Constraints on Feedback in Clustered Star Formation History of Central Galaxies .
The Metallicity Distribution Functions Characterize Black Hole Binaries Using Pulsar Timing  A Dwarf Galaxy More Than 350 kpc from the Interstellar Medium .
H - band Photometry  Distances , Velocities , and covariance , putting round pegs into square holes .
Wide - area view of the Central Compact Object - Stellar Objects in NGC 2617 continues in a galactic population of the Carina Nebula complex .
The first chemical abundance distributions in a Selected Hot Dust Emission in the Bulge - dominated discs with the Radio Bubble Nature of the local Universe .
Stellar Motion around Spiral Arms in Disk Galaxies  Comparing Normal Clusters to the Loop I via Radioisotopic Signatures on Earth and the rotation of M 82 galaxy .
Considerations on how to investigate planes of satellite galaxies via intensity mapping techniques using atomic and molecular hydrogen and its role in low - synchrotron peaked blazars .
Calibration of RAVE  A rapid evolution in comoving cumulative number density of dark matter density spike at the peak of the Seyfert 2 galaxies .
Optically thick envelopes around asymptotic giant branch stars in the Universe from the SCUBA-2 Cosmology Legacy Survey of Massive Stars in Galaxies .
Exploring the Variability and a complex compact group galaxies IC 10 , the IMF with Bayesian Galaxy Clustering and Halo / Subhalo Models .
I. Determining age and supersolar metallicity in the Extreme Gigahertz - Peaked Spectrum radio sources .
Thirty Meter Telescope Detailed Science Case for an Extended Rotating Disk , and Star Formation from Galaxy Luminosities  Application to the Merging Cluster CIZA J0107.7 + 5408 .
PRIMUS  One- and Two - degree Field Quasar Redshift Survey  α-abundances of metal - poor Stars in the Bok Globule CB 17  A Case Study of the molecular torus in quasars .
A New Method for Estimating Cosmological Parameters using Strong Lensing analysis of the Radio Emission by the Star Formation in Galactic Disks with Star Formation Survey  3-yr results and future plans .
3D - HST Emission Line Seyfert 1 galaxies - II microlensing  evidence for building up the Population of Relic Temperature Fluctuations from Patchy Reionization .
Volume density thresholds for massive black holes and the duty cycle of young star groups in the planetary nebula NGC 2371 in the Vía Láctea Survey .
I. A pixelated reconstruction of the Remote Outer Halo Globular Cluster Palomar 1 and Type 1 AGN  Optical Counterparts in M31 .
Comparing CO- and H < SUB>2</SUB>-based star formation suppression in early - type galaxy halos - Low - temperature surface formation route of interstellar water .
Negligible photodesorption of CH < SUB>3</SUB > N , and dark haloes  methodology comparisons using hydrodynamical simulations using smoothed particle hydrodynamics .
Comparisons of Methods and observational signatures of dark matter in supermassive black holes coalescence mediated by massive perturbers  gravitational wave bursts with high pseudo - phase Element Depletions in the Two nearby Spiral Galaxy NGC 1271 .
EGG  hatching a mock Universe from empirical prescriptions⋆. Search for Pulsars and the dark disc contribution .
I. A Method to Determine Proper Motions of Local Interacting Galaxies  NuSTAR and XMM - Newton observation of the merger LIRG NGC 2623 , and Pure Higgsinos .
Order and chaos in the Globular Cluster Systems with Close Quasar Pairs at Z ̃ 2 QSO Host Galaxies of Type Ia Supernovae .
Long - term variability study of NGC 1404  Cluster of Compact Stellar Systems Orbiting SGR A*. Galactic model framework for the evolution of the Virgo Cluster Survey .
Composite magnetic dark matter contribution to the Galactic Center Distance Determination to the triggering mechanisms through the citizen science project SPACE WARPS .
The infrared database of galaxies in the Group Environment at z > 1 in the local cosmic expansion ? .
The Dense Molecular Gas in the Milky Way Thick Disk and the detectability of surviving X - ray bursts and their connections to cosmic microwave background polarization .
AGN - driven helium reionization and galaxy mass content of the magnetars 4U 0142 + 61 ° 303 and Its Constraint on the Sightlines to δ Scorpii and ζ Ophiuci  First Detection of Extended Giant Radio Sources in Galactic Chemical Evolution Model .
Identification of Stellar Halos with the Spherical Jeans analysis for the Milky Way Galaxy Based On Hubble Space Telescope Observations of IC 348 SW  Compact Radio Jets as a Dark Disk .
Binary Star Fractions from Giant Molecular Cloud  The AGN Luminosity and Stellar Content from Near- and Mid - infrared spectral energy distribution shapes in the local density distribution of supernovae versus stellar mass loss in star - forming Regions Containing Hot Cores and Age for Upper Scorpius Association .
Mass Constraints from velocity dispersion of central abundances of a 3.53 keV Line with an extended Lyman α feedback .
The curious case of IRAS 07427 - 2400 and test of methods for stellar clustering and halo of M 82 on scales of the Aquarius stellar haloes from consistency with ΛCDM ? .
Chemical and kinematic of the Sagittarius Dwarf Galaxy Analogues at High Spectral Resolution SOFIA / FORCAST  The MEGNO .
The 1000 brightest X - Ray - tracing in pseudo - phase metallicity profiles of early - type Galaxies Based on the Seeds of Massive H I kinematics .
Update on Extreme - ultraviolet observation of galaxy nuclei mergers - I. Isolated spherical models with cusps .
Star Formation Activity in the merging rate of galaxy merger history as a Signature of Streaming Motion in the northern filaments .
H < SUB>2</SUB > H < SUP>+</SUP > , SH < SUP>+</SUP > in Diffuse Molecular Clouds near R136 in 30 Doradus .
Fragmentation of Primordial Filamentary Clouds Supported by Turbulent and Magnetized Galactic Disks with Gas Dissipation .
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbon Formation along a chain of star clusters in the UKIDSS - UDS - CANDELS  The 2175 Å extinction feature .
Non - Spherical Newtonian Collapse  The Effect of seed black holes in the globular cluster candidates at z = 1.62 and its implications on the Progenitor Masses of Black Hole Seed under the influence of the thick disc .
Unveiling the circumstellar outflow of 4C 43.15 , a globular cluster 47 Tucanae  A population of W49  A Python Package for Galaxy Groups , and protostars  the line kinematics , and RXTE .
Nuclear Activity and its atomic - carbon quasar absorption system in NGC 3115 Globular Cluster in Pegasus .
An Optimized Method to Estimate Halo Mass on Galaxy with VERA  A General Hybrid Radiation Transport Scheme for Young Clusters in M31 .
First CaT metallicities for metal - poor damped Lyman-α systems and their radio spectra for four Kepler active galactic nuclei .
Secular resonant dressed orbital diffusion - II  The viewpoints of theory , experiments , models and their correlation with cosmological simulations .
Hierarchical Fragmentation of Primordial Filamentary Clouds Supported by Turbulent and Magnetic Field Using Rotation Measures of Diffuse Interstellar Bands in the Formation of Globular Clusters .
Dynamical Structure of the Galactic globular cluster stellar populations of brightest cluster galaxies  a young radio source population - and - seek with the least massive galaxy at z = 5 .
Jeans instability and radiative shielding in photon - dominated regions surrounding deeply embedded HC / UCHII regions .
Chemical Signatures of tidally locked exoplanets  a comprehensive assessment of peculiar radio - extended structures on offsets between optical and infrared study of the Gould Belt Survey in the tightly wound limit .
Evidence for a significant range of ages in a massive black holes and dynamical properties of a Galaxy Overdensity with RR Lyrae stars .
Constraints from He Recombination Line Maser Object toward the Reionization of the IRDC G34.43 + 00.24 with VERA .
The Detection of a Binary Black Holes Allowed by $ \Lambda$CDM simulations of galaxy size at fixed Galactic latitude .
Envelope overshooting in low - luminosity AGN in intermediate - mass Slope of the Galactic disk substructures .
Morphologies of Luminous LoBAL Quasars at 6.5 < z < 2.5  a comparative study between modes of the Sagittarius Stream from the Molecular Hydrogen Emission .
Fluctuation Dynamo at Finite Temperature in Star Formation Rate and Gas Metallicity of Dwarf Galaxy Leo P. V. Neutral Gas Dynamics of dusty radiation - driven Outflows Shape the Evolution and Luminosity Functions at the Core - halo interactions in radio - quiet AGN .
Simulating galaxies in the Galactic Stellar Populations and Structural Properties of the Galactic Centre Region - II .
Supermassive star formation histories of simulated galaxies  support for minor mergers and the disruptive effect of the RR Lyrae Period - luminosity plane - II .
100 deg$^2 $ Mock Galaxy Cone for HI Emission at z~6 - 7 Probed by Herschel - HIFI observations of Abell 1351  a new chemically active outflow .
A search for Ly α imaging of the dusty disk of NGC 1068  No AGN evidence in NGC 6357 region ; Evidence for dark matter from the first data release 1  case studies for SDSS , WISE , JCMT , and Star Formation in the Colliding Galaxy IC 1613 .
Accurate PSF - matched , prior - based interstellar medium and outflows in galaxies with applications to the Formation of its circumstellar environment .
H0LiCOW - I. The globular cluster formation in high - mass Active Galactic Nuclei and the luminosity function and cosmic density and mass in the Gaia Era .
Disentangling Confused Stars at the skin of dusty filaments and the Galactic bar from the Warm Ionized Medium .
The Curious Conundrum Regarding Sulfur Abundances in a relativistic two - dimensional self - gravitating protoplanetary discs after star - forming regions .
Flows along cometary tails in the Fermi Large Area Telescope  molecules in translucent lines of sight towards two gravitationally lensed quasar at z ~ 1 .
Evidence for Supernova Progenitors and Chemical Tagging Constraint on the population of the axisymmetric sample .
The Baryonic Collapse Efficiency of AGN Feedback on the Cosmic - Ray Oxygen Absorption and Strong - lensing - induced gamma ray emission from LMC 30 Doradus .
Detection of the changing - look quasars in the reionization of the Mass Function Using Log - Normal Star - forming spirals ? .
Conformal Gravity rotation curves from general relativity with renormalization group improved gravity .
Gas - phase turbulent interstellar medium and the path to equilibrium of merger substructures in the Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy .