 Many analyses of astronomical data sets, ranging from morphological classification of galaxies to identification of supernova candidates, have relied on humans to classify data into distinct categories. Crowdsourced galaxy classifications via the Galaxy Zoo project provided a solution that scaled visual classification for extant surveys by harnessing the combined power of thousands of volunteers. However, the much larger data sets anticipated from upcoming surveys will require a different approach. Automated classifiers using supervised machine learning have improved considerably over the past decade but their increasing sophistication comes at the expense of needing ever more training data. Crowdsourced classification by human volunteers is a critical technique for obtaining these training data. But several improvements can be made on this zeroth order solution. Efficiency gains can be achieved by implementing a “cascade filtering” approach whereby the task structure is reduced to a set of binary questions that are more suited to simpler machines while demanding lower cognitive loads for humans.Intelligent subject retirement based on quantitative metrics of volunteer skill and subject label reliability also leads to dramatic improvements in efficiency. We note that human and machine classifiers may retire subjects differently leading to trade-offs in performance space. Drawing on work with several Zooniverse projects including Galaxy Zoo and Supernova Hunter, we will present recent findings from experiments that combine cohorts of human and machine classifiers. We show that the most efficient system results when appropriate subsets of the data are intelligently assigned to each group according to their particular capabilities.With sufficient online training, simple machines can quickly classify “easy” subjects, leaving more difficult (and discovery-oriented) tasks for volunteers. We also find humans achieve higher classification purity while samples produced by machines are typically more complete. These findings set the stage for further investigations, with the ultimate goal of efficiently and accurately labeling the wide range of data classes that will arise from the planned large astronomical surveys.